they look good and stick good! i just don't like the rounded shape because i was always bumping it and siri kept popping up and it was irritating. i just won't buy a product like this again
these stickers work like the review says they do. they stick on great and they stay on the phone. they are super stylish and i can share them with my sister. :)
these are awesome and make my phone look so stylish! i have only used one so far and have had it on for almost a year! can you believe that! one year!! great quality!
item arrived in great time and was in perfect condition. however, i ordered these buttons because they were a great deal and included a free screen protector. i never received one. though its not a big deal, it would've been nice to get it since they claim it comes with one.
awesome! stays on, and looks great. can be used on multiple apple products.  especially having nails, it helps to have an elevated key.
these make using the home button easy. my daughter and i both like them.  i would purchase them again. well worth the price.
came just as described.. it doesn't come unstuck and its cute! people ask where i got them from & it's great when driving.
it worked for the first week then it only charge my phone to 20%. it is a waste of money.
good case, solid build. protects phone all around with good access to buttons. battery charges with full battery lasts me a full day. i usually leave my house around 7am and return at 10pm. i'm glad that it lasts from start to end. 5/5
this is a fantastic case. very stylish and protects my phone. easy access to all buttons and features, without any loss of phone reception. but most importantly, it double power, just as promised. great buy
this case fits perfectly on the s4 and keeps me powerd all day i can't complain! a+ recommend it to all
this is the first battery case i have had for my galaxy s4. the s4 fits very well, is slim and doesn't add much weight to the galaxy s4. it doubles the battery life. you can charge either the battery, the phone or both. there is a handy on-off switch with leds to indicate the level of charge.the battery case came on time and was packaged well. well worth the price.
performs exactly as advertised . it's very  sturdily built,and provides lots of boost . it does exactly what it's supposed too .easy to insert phone in and out . definitely a 5 star experience. don't know what i would do without this case love love love it.
unlike most of the rechargeable battery cases, powerbear lasts up to 2 whole days. it doesn't heat up like most of the other ones, and i was completely fascinated by the ultra light and sleek design for the case. before i was using the mophie case but i couldn't wear it often because it was like having a hot brick in your pocket, hence i had to always leave it at home.on the contrary, with powerbear, i never take it off because i can't even tell the difference. also it is build in a super strong manner and even though i dropped my phone a few times, its shock resistant technology won't let a single thing happen to the case or the phone. the powerbear case became an extension to my phone that i never have to take off because when i charge it at night, it charges both my phone and the case, and i have battery life for more than two days. i was also shocked to hear all the positive compliments i was hearing from people at my job, fitness center, and throughout the community. everybody was loving the case, and what they don't know is that it cost  me 60 % cheaper then all the other brand. this is the best purchase i've made on the internet, and i am going to buy more for my family in time for the holidays. thank you powerbear!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just what i needed. i needed a phone case for myself and my two sons, but i also needed new replacement batteries. now this isn't the case, since i got both in one. awesome thanks a+
when there is no outlets, or chargers near by its powerbear to the rescue! ordered one for my husband, and myself. great purchase!!
it works great. doesn't heat up like crazy like the other ones i got, and cheaper too! its definetly the best power case for the s4 you can get, thats why i got one for me and my wife. i wonder why its called power bear..
surprisingly, this inexpensive version works just as well and just as reliably as the expensive variety. it has been working for me for months now. no problem. excellent value.
i have tested this against the griffin dual output unit.i checked the charging current.this unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma.griffin was charging with 40 ma! and the griffin was 4 times more expensive.i have not used these for very long. i bought 15 of them, because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current.no idea how long they last. i assume they will work fine. i have not been using them much. i did the testing , just to stock up on a high current charger. this passed and i stocked up.
it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely.. so basically a small waste of money.
i love that it has two ports for my phone and ipod. who wants to be putting too many things in one socket.  sleek and convenient to store and i just love it.
just what you need, i am always having to charge my phone and then find i have another item to charge also.
does not have the need amps to charge things like ipads, or hp touchpads. but its super small and compact.
they are nothing special for sure, but it's nice that you can tell when it is powered up by the led that glows in it.  able to charge two phones at once in the car which is nice.
i have several chargers. have more than one vehicle so i keep more than one of these in each. nothing more frustrating than finding all of a sudden one quits working, and you have no way to recharge your phone. that is always when you need it most.  this one works well for any of my products.
i bought this a little skeptical. after i tried it i bought two more. it works great and so far it has lasted for about 3 months. if that changes i will update this review.
i am disappointed that the 1a didn't work with my ipad.  that's what i get for buying a cheap adapter.
this is a nice charger but you can tell it was made cheaply in china.  when it is charging the phone, the car radio gets lots of static.  not so much that i have to stop charging but like when you are near power lines and the radio station is far away.so, no rf shielding.i gave it 4 stars because it works fine for me, but if you listen to the radio, you might consider it is more like 2 or 3 stars.
after a week only one side works
yo get exactly what you order in a timely fashion. and the item is just as described. great buy if you ask me
this is a terribly awesome product in my subaru's console.  passengers love it, i love it because it emits a blue glow, because it has held up to abuse over the years and performs like new.
i've bough a munch of different things like this over the years. most wouldn't stay in the jack, or would give out after a few days. this one is great!
only works one side at a time. when you connect two cables, one side stop working and also overheated burning the fuses. i purchased two of them and it's the same problem. cheap and bad quality.
it works great i like i can charge two thing at the same now i dont have to wait for my to finish charging her phone
it came at last, good looking and the price was good and i believe it is worth the time i waited for it to come to me good job
didn't last very long. worked great when it worked but it is a cheap piece of plastic crap so i shouldn't have expected it to last.
excellent product, works great , have easy handling, and good quality as it is announced. reached as is shown time and in very good condition thank you very much for everything
purchased two and we put one in each car. now we charge our ipad and iohone together. can also use to power my galaxy note 2 or recharge other usb devices. if you have to think about it you need counseling
great charger for 2 devices and i haven't had any problems so far 3yrs now
purchased product about many a month ago. pros: loved it work just fine!! cool blue light feature when you plug it into the lighter!! can plug in two things at one time....con: top clear piece came off easily overtime (i just put clear tape around the top) total: pros:95% cons:5%
i bought this so that i could use and charge my tab at the same time. my tab does not recognize the high power port and will either charge while off or use power while on, it will not charge while powered on.
i bought this to charge my iphone and tablet in the car. works for iphone but not the tablet. i needed a stronger charge for that but this is still great for both iphoe and ipod together. it's cheap, small and compact
works great. the blue led light is a nice touch in the car. we charge a samsung and iphone using this outlet. nice low profile too.
works great and charges ipads, tablets, smartphones as well as bluetooth speakers and headsets. i would recommend it to anyone looking for a universal car charger.
i could only give this usb car charger 2 stars because although it worked fine for about 3 months, it subsequently died on me.pros:-has 2 usb ports for charging, one (the top) is 2.1 amps.  the bottom slot is lower, presumably 1 or 1.5 amps.-fits well in my charging socket - holds tight.  i've had some that were loose in my charging socket.-works well to charge my iphone in the top slot and the bottom slot works with most android phones, except the very high end ones.-has a blue led light to tell you it is on and ready to charge.-the usb sockets seem to be well made and tightly fit all my cables.-pretty solid construction.-it cost less than $2.cons:-it died on me after 3 months.i had really enjoyed using this usb charger.  it rapidly charged my iphone and worked well with charging the phones of my family and friends.  the two slot design makes this design very handy; with a 1 slot design, no one else can charge their device unless i remove my cord.  of course, after this charger died, i had to go back to the 1 slot design i was using before.after 3 months, i began to notice the led light flickering.  it was less than a week later that is quit working permanently.  i'm not sure what the problem was - faulty wiring, bad design, i guess i'll never know.  i thought about getting another since they are so cheap, but then i thought better of it.  maybe they are so cheap because they are simply disposable after a short period of time.for whatever reason, it died and i was forced to look for another 2 slot design - i haven't found one in my price range yet.
this charger works great and is short, unlike most chargers. it does a great job with charging both my phone and my gps when i am in the car.  great value and easy on the wallet.
i bought 2 of this and tried to test first ... after few minutes of charging, it felt hot. pulled it out and the product smelled burnt. tried the other one too and same thing. be careful... this one could be fire hazard or could potentially destroy the electrical system
this portable usb port car charger is a must have for people on the go.  pair this with an extra or spare cord and you are good to go!
i love the way it can charge 2 devices at once!  seems to charge quicker without gps on, with it on, it only holds the battery, but better than it dying!!!
bought so we could charge to phones at the same time while in the car from the same port.  works.
i received this product before i expected. it looks pretty good and it works with my iphone (3gs) and my phone (htc evo v 3d). it is a good deal because it is not easy to find something like this for this price
i have several of these, from various retailers, all the same, each made in some anonymous chinese factory, all exactly alike.they're great. they really do work, and they do deliver 2.1 and 1.0 power as they say they will do. they do the job.you wouldn't expect much qc for a $2 electrical product, but they each work just fine.they don't last forever-- about a year or two of active daily use seems about par, then they suddenly die. so do have some replacements on hand. at this price, no problem.yes, they work with both my iphone and ipad. also with every other usb device i've needed to charge.the led light that indicates you are plugged in correctly is very helpful.these are great for rental cars and travel. if you leave one behind, hey, it's only $2.i'm totally pleased with these clever little gems. no complaints. i wouldn't be without a couple, especially for travel.hope this is helpful. happy trails, all.
good product at low price.purchased this looking for a smaller charger and i love griffin products.free shipping just took a little longer
i use this in my car to charge my phone and my ipod as needed. it works well, but the bright blue light can be annoying when driving at night. overall, a very good deal.
i love this case! it's so pretty.and i love the way the case feels to the touch because of the rubber. very happy!
the idea of the design is a sweet idea but it wears off as the paint is over the case and not under a sealant or anything. it has a cool 3d effect but at the cost of the paint rubbing off.it is quite pretty though.
i was worried about this order because the picture on the description page kept changing to a less-desireable green/orange cover.  but alas, it came a day earlier than expected, and the beautiful pink product expected!  the "rubberized" cover feels a little greasy (like it was armor-all'd), but the design is gorgeous and a little 3d looking!
another pretty phone case that i really love. i have many as i love t o change them around .thanks
the case is not white, its more of a silver. it's still a very pretty case- it fit my phone perfectly. it took too long to arrive.
defintiely worth the price...you should order several.  most cases are $15 and up especially at the cell phone stores.  i can't believe the mark up on these things!
this is a great case... it fit my phone perfectly and i still use it from time to time. would recommend
received this item very quickly. the design is even more vivid than expected. the cover is soft (rubberized) but durable. i have received many compliments. it was an excellent buy! i would recommend this to anyone wanting a "good look" for their phone.
this cover makes an old phone look and feel new. i like that i can order covers for little money and snazzy up my phone.
i loved the case when i first received it but shortly after, the case started to peel off at first i did not know what it was until i looked on the back of the case and it was missing spots. guess sometimes a good deal is not really a good deal.would not purchase.
the color is more dark in person, and this isnt the best protection case. i get a lot of compliments on the case, and it was easy to put on.
simple to install and a great way to help protect your phone.my wife really liked the ability to change the look of her phone.
the case is pretty good. it dose have some scratches on one side of the phone but its every little. other then that i like it. ive dropped my phone a few times since putting on the case and it didnt break or scratch. ive gotten many complements on this case and over all it was worth the few bucks i spent.
this case is afordable and yes it peels very easy but thats to be expected because its a dollor. i bought mine from electromaster. it snaps on fine for me but if i were to drop my phone the phone would be fine but the case would surely be done for. its only a dollar so do not get your hopes up. it looks great but its for show not for protection. if you want your phone to be protected go the extra mile for an outter box
this is one of my favorite cases i have this one on my phone i really love the color a lot.
it looked like it was used! it was broken when it got to be the paint job was horrible.i would never get it again
this case for some reason is peeling, there isn't much left of the orginal skin, i  loved the case with pink being my favorite color but i wouldn't recommend this specific one for anyone.
its rubberized doesn't look like it in the picture but it is it's really cute i love this case used it for awhile but i switch out cases like i do my shoes.
received this in about a weeks time. very nice actually considering how cheap the price was. it's a pink/purple with black leopard spots and has a very nice feel to it. i haven't tried to remove it yet, but hopefully it won't give me any trouble when i do want to change covers.
this case was by far the best case i bought for this phone.  it is very stylish and i received many compliments
this is the cutest case ever!  i love it because it was easy to apply.  i had to switch from the rubber one because after so many uses, it wears out like the bottom hem of a sweater that has been stretched.  this case keeps my phone intact and protected at the same time...woo hoo!!
my daughter liked it for a few days and then i didnt see it anymore on the phone. use your judgement on that one.
very good charger, it woks fine, no complaints!!! i would recommend it!! it was good, but not using it anymore!
this product arrived when promised and in the condition promised. it is a genuine blackberry charger. it was brand new and worked perfectly. for the price, i don't think you can ask for much more than that!
great product. use this with my galaxy s4. at this price i bought 2 more. one for work and one to keep in the car incase i ever travel and forget my charger.
honestly i have always loved this specific model, since you can just take it with you on the road not worrying if you end up losing it or leaving it where ever you go. though it doesn't exactly meet the fast charging needs of high end phones, it works pretty well on all of them, you just need to be patient.
i've had this charger well over a year now, and it still works perfectly.  most chargers would have broken by now.  the folding blades make this more portable than the chargers that come with some blackberry models that have adapters for different countries.
so far no problems, it charges fast that is what i need it. it doesn' have an usb as it specified, jus a direct wall charger.
great ! so far.i had this charger before and it seem to last pretty good 3 years fits most phones except iphone and galaxy 5  but that phone can still use it in the right side of the portal it will judy charge it a bit slower. when this charger goes it tends to loose it's fit firmly in usb and has a short.
another very good phone charger that does the job and has a  very affordable price that anyone can afford  to buy it.
works well. we use this for travel and it lives in our luggage most of the year. for the low price having an extra usb charger this works great. charges our galaxy s3 and note 2.
i needed a charger quick and i didn't want to spend $20.00 at the convenience store for a short, crappy charger. for this price, the charger is great.pros: the cord length is perfect if you have a tall bed. i don't have to struggle to see my phone when i'm laying down.cons: the plug in is a little blocky but nothing to worry about. the connecter doesn't like to stay in place 100% of the time. it does not fall out but if you wiggle it just right it disconnects the charge. my phone is also old and the port is a little worn. that could be my issue.if you need a good charger for a cheap price. buy this!
bought as a spare charger for the house and turned into my main charger because my other one failed. nice long cable and has held up for tons of charges for my galaxy s3.
the charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my samsung galaxy s3.  they really need to start making these chargers better....i've been thru several!!!!
this charger is awesome! first of all i wasn't expecting it until between 12/12  and 12/17, but it arrived on 12/11,so that was a plus for me! second, i was kinda skeptical about purchasing it because it says that its for a galaxy s and blackberry so that can mean a lot of things! but i figured what the heck its cheap, so what can i loose!  well, i just got it today and decided to give it a try at work on my galaxy s4,  it charged  from 80%  to 100%  in about 7 minutes!! yes i timed it!  and also the cord is long which is a plus for me!  so if your looking for a fast charger with a long cord and not to mention a great price, this is the one!!update:  not sure what the other reviewer meant by saying these are poor quality chargers, because i've had mine for a little over 2 weeks and it's still going strong!!  love this charger  especially  for the length!!
i purchase this for a backup at work.  it charges my sgs4.  i would recommend this charger for the samsung galaxy s4.
this charger woks wonderfully on the samsung galaxy s4.  it chargers the phone fast and the price is great!  highly recommended product!
this is another great product and i will always order from here in the future. money spent well!! if you need a great car charger this is the one you need!!
goes into the lighter port a little rough but it charges the phone fine. i wish it had a little more reach so i could use the phone from the passenger seat of the car more comfortably but its not a big problem. it will reach pretty far because of the coiled section but this will put stress on the charge port of your phone which many people dont realize will eventually break it.
i purchased two of these chargers for my sister and girlfriend. they both have samsung galaxy phones and needed a car charger so being the oem fanboy i am, i swooped up on a couple of these for them while remaining slightly skeptical of what was actually going to show up in the mail at this price.i'm happy to report i definitely received 2 oem samsung car chargers in the mail in sealed bags with part # barcodes (the kind you'd normally receive in a new/refurb phone). can't go wrong with the price and certainly can't argue with the benefits of oem vs. generic (ma output and reliability at the top of the list!).
i bought this for my samsung charge. it works perfectly and is built as solidly as the $20 verizon charger. i highly recommend this car charger and thanks for the great price!
it does what it needs to do, very pleased. i bought some other cheap lame one and will never go back.
charger works great. haven't had any issues with it at all. i wish it has a retractable cord like some other chargers i've used, but other than that, i love it.
it works great  thus  far no issues.  the only thing i might have limited was a usb connect or it charges my t989 without fail
the big store that is in every town now (can't say their name) either does not carry anything or is always out of stock. if they ever have anything is stock, it is cheap junk that does not last. i got this cord thru amazon for a fraction of the price i usually pay for the junk at that big national store. this cord works perfectly and has lasted for months now. i also bought at the same time 2 other cheaper charger cords thru amazon that work perfectly. since this one still works, i have the other two to fall back on when this one finally goes out. this is a great car charger, and it does not cost near as much as the junk you get at the local store--not to mention this is the samsung brand charger verses their junk.
good lengtheasy to usevery fast chargingi would recommend it to persons who use their phone a lot.
luving it  right now will last about 4 mo so you cant beat the price for it i got 4 of them
junk!!!......this product must be miss labeled.  i can not get my samsung s2 phone to charge with this oem charger.  the lights are on, the phone says its charging but nothing happens.  i am not sure if i got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge.  if you need a reliable charger, do not purchase this product.if you need a car charger for your samsung s2, i would recommend the motorola vehicle power adapter.  it charges fast and is dependable.
a very good car charger for your phones, charged my phone pretty quickly and quite affordable, i recommend it to anyone to have as a back up to your charger.
the samsung car charger has stopped working within a 6 month period.  i thought a fuse was blown inside the unit but when i attempted to change it, i've noticed that it doesn't come apart like most vehicle chargers.
what a great price!right out of the box, plug n upload sum juice ...don't know if dropping it repeatedly on the floorboard,or occasionally stuffing it in console to hide caused failure ...but soon the green light failed to light, and phones display showedit wasn't charging. so either spend several more dollars for one witha heavier cord/stronger shell or treat it as a delicate flower.
sprint wanted $30 fro the same item.  this is oem and not third party after market. bought two.  work great
plugged into the car and worked the first couple of days. hasn't worked since. my phone does not even recognize it's plugged in.
this charger works great. i love the fact that the led on it does not light up until it is plugged into the phone. great bargain.
though i`m not a expert in cell phone chargers. this thing works good, but its not all fireworks and hotel parties. its a charger and it works so i guess buy it.
i used this charger for a couple of months now. its a very good charger. it charges my phone very quickly.
it is samsung brand..works with my android phones..galaxy nexus 4 and galaxy s2 and s3...recommend it highly for anyone with a microusb phone
i needed a car charger and this was very affordable and it worksgreat! the same thing from the store was three times the price.
good oem car charger, i originally bought it for my galaxy s2 and later on that week i upgrated to the galaxy s3 and it works prefectly fine, i would recommend this product
you have to hold it in a certain place in other for it to charge. i'll just buy the verizon  charger instead
this charger works perfectly.  it is the official samsung charger so i was sure it would work just fine. i highly recommend it.
i use this charger with my gs2 from straight talk.  this charger is working as expected, charges the phone fine and seems like a quality product, not flimsy and cheap feeling like some chargers i have ordered in the past.
this thing worked well when it actually functioned, but today it stopped working and i am past the 30 day return window by 10 days give or take.i'm guessing the quality might not be great as that is why it stopped working, who knows.. what a waste of money.
hope to use it soon.  my other one worked sometimes.  this one does not have the light on unless you are charging.
es un cable para carro de excelente calidad , original de samsung , lo tengo algun tiempo sin ningun problema
i went thru 3 car charges which they all either stopped working after a few uses or never worked to begin with.this car harder not only works it also charges my phone lightening fast!!! love it, love it love it!!if u are debating u can rest assured this thing is awesome.
first, this is kind of cheap-looking, but i did try to buy the cheapest oem car charger i could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  the springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12v car port.  the cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging and operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  it's held up well since i purchased it though.update:  stopped charging after a month.
i've been using this for about 4 months now and it works just as it is intended.  i would buy again.  quality product.the cord could stand to be a little longer, but it is of a decent length.
works great nice long cord. does the trick. bought several of these to put in diff. rooms & one for work.
good charger and is perfect because it is also has a usb connection. also love that it is original material it works like that too giving a quick charge when i need it.
i have had 3 phone chargers go bad in two weeks. i can not say where i purchased them. most chargers for cell phones are cheaply made. this one is ok i guess.
got this to replace a frayed oem cord. the cord itself is ok ;however, the plug that looks like oem and is stamped as such, is crap! took 8 times longer to charge with this unit! when the cord was paired with the actual oem plug in, it worked fine. so if you need a cord its ok; however, it is definitely not oem and the plug is worthless. for the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but i am very disappointed with the false markings as oem when it is certainly not.
i received this product in a very timely manner which was delightful, however, i gave it as a gift and was embarrassed to find out it was a defective item. i was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time.
it worked fine for a few days then i had to change to cord........the charger itself working fine up to this point..........rather than send it back i bought another cord from sprint for $19.00
fast delivery, works well. not very long.
i thought this would be a samsung product but look like a cheap counterfiet. it came crushed and is slow to charge my phone.
this detachable sansung galaxy s2 travel charger is simply good. it works perfectly.  the cherry on the cake is because it is longer than the factory original l received with the phone.
had all the marking of a legit samsung product but the cord stop working after 3 days. i'm not upset because it was very inexpensive but maybe you should spend a little more and buy a better product off amazon. when it did work it worked very well.
first off, the charger works just as it should and all the ports stay connected just fine.people in other reviews were complaining that the cord was too short-- about 2 or 3 feet-- and that was what i was expecting. instead, i got a 5 foot cord which is a bit long for the purpose i was going to use it for (in my car). now i have a long cord dangling everywhere. that extra length may be a bonus for most, but i bumped down the rating due to seller's lack of description and/or consistency. also i'm fairly certain the product image was changed because when i ordered it, a different style adapter was pictured... i was expecting a square shape with the usb port on the side; i got the longer rectangle shape with the usb port on the end... hmm. there's no way to verify that now.in sum: good charger with good connectivity, looks and acts like it's an original samsung.  cord length and adapter style may vary as it seems like the seller is not consistent.
it's a charger for dirt cheap and the shipping wasn't more than the item. i wish they had the batteries i needed as well for my phone. but great all an all
although i do not use the charger, the cable is useful.  it is longer than what is given with the phone.  the additional length allows the phone to be placed in plain sight, instead of down by the wall receptical
this charger doesn't charge the battery of my samsung galaxy s2 (i9100) properly.when i connect it to my s2, the screen gets frozen and the cell behaves in a unusual (abnormal) way.
this charger is exactly like the original one that came with my phone.  it is most definitely a good buy for the price!
works good with our phones, better actually than the charger that came with one of the phones initially , great price
was here right on time.wall adapter what i expected and works well but dose not have quick-charge as this ad states and that was the,whole reason i chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient ..... the micro usb is useless it looks and acts cheaply made, and dose not fit well in to ports an either end will periodically stop working and my phone will freeze and turn off periodically as well....i know its the usd because i tried it in several devices and adapters and it had the same problems....i will never order from amazon again only two orders out of 13 have come without defect or wrong probuct!ugh!
i haven't had any problems with it.  it just like the oringal charger that comes with the galaxy s 2.
i would like to start off by saying that this product is what i ordered and i have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house, the problem i do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger. why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord? the cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger. i am having the same issue with the charger that i ordered for my galaxy note 2. it's a very thin cord, and also very short. maybe, a 2 21/2 foot cord? and its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into...
thank you. it did not disappoint. was as expected and does the job though i am going to a new phone as the galaxy 2 has been acting up consistently. shutting down by surprise etc...
i love it.  it charges my phone quickly and the cord is super long.  i leave it at home but will purchase another to leave at work.
in a nutshell, this is not an oem charger.  although it has the samsung markings, it doesn't seat well with a samsung phone.  this means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit.  with that said, i wouldn't buy this again.~~~~~~~~~~august 17, 2013 - updatethe seller tried to make amends by sending me three replacement chargers.  after using this for a while, it is still garbage.  it does not charge my phone and in fact, it drains the phone.  this must be a counterfeit product.  it has samsung markings but it does not charge the phone.  do not buy this product!!!!
after 2 weeks my charger just fell apart while i was taking it from the plug , not a strong charger at all i would have asked for my money but it wasn't even worth it .
i am pleased with this purchase.  the detachable cable option gives very good flexibility for use with other usb cable chargers.  good quality for a travel charger.
charges me up all the way. doubles my battery liek promised. case protects well and the color is awesome nice
the color is amazing all of my friends are jealous and ask me where did i get it. they are even more jealous when i tell them how much i paid for it! great case, powers me up and very stylish. matches my 5c perfectly :)
much slimmer than i thought and it ads 125% battery. i am charged for the full day with this case.
great quality product , i love this case it is the perfect sidekick to an always dyeing phone . now my phone is charged anywhere anytime thanks to powerbear . really like the name of the case as well !! 5 stars deff !
this case helps me run my day smoothly without having to worry about my phone dying. plus the color is very beautiful.
bought one for me and another for the wife. acts as phone protector and charging case in one. hold charge all day so no complaints.
this powerbear case is a lifesaver!! charges fast, always reliable. i also love the glossy texture of the case. highly recommend!!
this is a very well built and designed case,with a very cool and attractive color. phone dies too quickly without it
i was surprised it game in three steps, but when i put the case together and slid my phone in, i loved it. it is hard to get off
i was looking for something different to my wife and this case its strong and beautiful. good price and i recommend it.
love it this case is just what i expected and i love the design, it is slim and protects my case more than i thought it would.
this is really cute phone case, i like it alot, and it came in when it stated it would too
really cute but the heart doesn't really show up if you have the white iphone 4. 3 piece case & fits like a glove, looks really cute. shipping took about 2-3 weeks but really enjoy the case. do recommend.
this one came in broken  the bottom pice snaps on to the sides and the main backing is a inlay piece. came in scuffed with paint and the pieces will not click in together. if it was not broken i would like it. also if it wasn't in three click in pieces
great case for my phone. protects and keeps me charged. easy access to the button and sounds good too. i like it
other power cases muffled the speaker sound. this one had a great sound port on the back for clear listening.
wow!  what a cute battery case! i saw a christian sister with one of these on her phone!  that gave ne an idea-i decided to order me and my sister a battery case-mine is white, (since my phone is white), and my sister's is black,(since her phone is blue).anyway, these little guys give you power for your phone! if we run out juice, especially when on the go, we can just connect this case to our phone, and it is power on the go!! (i'm just concerned about the functionality).
great case. doubled my battery life like promised. can't beat the price. i would recommend it for a friend. a+
great case, sturdy, doubles battery, wont have to worry any more. i purchased this for my kid and he is very happy.
bought one for me and the wife (diff color;phone, not  wife, lol.). firefighter work 24 hr shift and never know when if will get to recharge so this is perfect for me and anyone else that can't always plug in to charge each day.
i used to be obsessed with changing phone cases, but now i am obsessed with this phone case!! what a great find !! 5 stars
couldnt watch movies on the htc without the battery dying. the phone is great for entertainment. but battery could be better. the powerbear cases is a great fit and a good kick stand on teh back for entertainment. im sold
this product is great. i like the kickstand on the back. the power indicator is very convenient to know charge pack status.
not many htc one battery cases for sale and this one is pretty good for the price. i would give it 4.5 stars and 5 if the price was $5 cheaper.
i never do this, but i almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for powerbear. if you look at all the positive reviews for this case, you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review, other than this one of course, is a verified purchase. what that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap. furthermore, many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product, once per color. why amazon allows this is beyond me, but that is not the point. also, if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers, you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for powerbear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other. beware the paid shills!
this is absolutely amazing, more than doubles my battery life, so i can forget about carrying my charger all the time.for such a good price, this is just the right deal. a++++++++
bought case for me and wife to qualify for free shipping. came in different colors to match phone.  can go entire 24 hours without charging; but i am not a kid playing games all day long. no complaints or problems. (personally i wrote another review in the wrong spot since we had diff phones and diff colors i f&%$ up)
since i am always on my phone, the battery life is very short. after purchasing this battery case i am no longer worried about running out of battery life.
watch-out, all these positive reviews are fake. some have even reviewed it twice using the same name. what a sleazy way to sell an item.
my brother just got the htc one, and i promised him an awesome case like the one i have for my s4.super sleek look, fits well, doesn't get overheated and saves the day every now and then! especially when gps is needed!
the color pops out so well. clips well to my phone and charges me up. i cant complain! no cons!
the raised edges protect the screens from falls. the battery case looks stylish and charges me up. this case is fannnnntastic
fits well on the phone and it is easy to use. the price is unbeatable and the product works like advertised
the s5 is a fantastic phone. however because of its large screen the phone dies quickly. with the extended battery i am able to enjoy all of the phones features without losing power. great buy.
totally worth the money, it protects my phone in even of the most dangerous situations where i dropped my phone and it also keeps my battery going for days. bravo!
i got this case for my nephew, and he claims that it was not what he expected. he has a charge case for his last phone, and it covered the whole thing. this is just like a back of the phone replacement, so it doesn't add to much weight
this is a really great case, looks and feels amazing, not to mention that the battery lasts for many hours.
i think this case is an excellent choice, since it is not so bulky, the color is nice, the texture on the back is good for gripping, and it extends battery life. it's a life saver, and there isn't too much on the market at the time for this phone so i am happy with it. bought both blue and black for me and my brother right after we got home from the phone store. would recommend.
compre este case hace varios meses y protege el celular de manera excelente..ni siquiera tube que comprar protector de pantalla y gracias a dios mi cel este nuevo..
i was looking for a case for my new galaxy s2 (at&t version). the store was selling similar cases for $20 and $35. i just can't justify spending that much on a case. this case is made for the unlocked version of the galaxy s2. the size is the same. the only difference that i can see is the noise cancelling microphone is blocked. i drilled a little hole in the case and it works just fine
i was raving to a friend about how amazon has great phone cases and how cheap they are and bought him this. it didn't even fit his phone right. poorly made.
nice case, protective and good looking, it also has a nice changing texture in some areas. good buy for the price
bought this for my new at&t; galaxy sii, the case arrived super fast, its fits the phone perfectly and snug. i have no issues with any buttons, and the rubber is in a smooth, sort of laminated finish. it does not stick to your pockets. overall, i am extremely happy with the purchase, especially for so cheap.and just fyi: this is for the at&t; (i777), or international (i9100) galaxy sii.this will not fit sprint, t-mobile or the at&t; galaxy sii skyrocket phones. you've been warned.
i liked the case, and for the amount of money paid, its a good buy, i personally like stronger cases, this is very flexible and indeed looks like a hard case, a little bit of more firmness wouldnt hurt.protects very well the phone as well as the camera lens there is not one single part of the phone touching the surface of the table when i leave it there. very good purchase.
i bought this for the at&t samsung galaxy s2 and the seller was very slow in getting this item to me. i also notice that this product do fit the sgs2, but the cut outs was not good. the cut out opening was too small for the power button, there was also an extra cut out for no reason. it does fit nice so i gave it 2 stars, but bad opening for my phone will be costly.
like most of the other reviews say, this rubbery case has a smooth exterior, so it doesn't feel like an uncomfortable sticky rubber.  while still appearing to have a hard shell, the rubber itself is fairly soft, and does a great job of protecting from falls without feeling too bulky.
the case did not fit my phone; was a tad too small.  i could only get 3 corners into the case.  i wound up buying a two piece case that cost about $20 from a local store.  have dropped the phone so many times the case is beat to s***, and no damage to the phone.  good reason to buy a case, just not this one.my co-worker delayed in getting a case because he could not find one he liked, and broke the display screen, making his phone unusable.  buy a case, not this rubber thing.  i threw mine away within 5 minutes of it's arrival
this skin fits perfect in my sgsii and the phone looks great inside of it.it is a high quality skin and gives a very good feeling in your hands.i recommend this product for your sgsii.
i prefer this style case to the otterbox and case mate as i feel it provides ample protection without turning the phone into a brick. lightweight and sleek.
i like the case so far fits ok my samsung galaxy s2 i like that is very shiny and soft to the touch. my only concern is one of the corners is not totally covered so it wont protect it from scratches or a hit there that is why i am just giving it 4 stars. well for the price i think it is ok.
don't expect more but it works well for the reason you buy.i was looking for a cheap skin case and was not willing to pay a hefty amount for the case at least for the initial period after buying my unlocked galaxy s ii.din't expect much before buying.but it really does work well.4 $ with 2 day shipping free is really a good deal if you are looking for a perfect tpu case protecting your phone.
great case fit my samsung galaxy s2 great will order again fast shipping it make my phone look super sexy trust me you need to order 1.
i read the first few reviews and didn't read any further and now i wish i had cause this thing does not work for the sprint galaxy s2. wish i had known that.
be careful when ordering these cases. not all galaxy ii's are the same. mine was a sprint and this one did not fit my pnone. it went into the trash can as it wasnt worth sending back. otherwise i am sure it's a great case.
arrive on time, good quality, functionally, recomend to protect the samsung galaxy s 2 i9100, fit exactly , recomend to the owners of this smartphone .
i was expecting a bit higher quality product but it is what it is. i've used it for a few months and it definitely helped when i dropped my phone. but at this point, i am not using it anymore due to the quality of the product, although 'good', it could be better and more solid.
there is a different between the size/design of galaxy ii that is carried by usa and what's carried by asia.  i'm in usa, i ordered the cover for galaxy ii that i bought from usa, the cover didn't fit, and the speaker location is different from the phone.  i copmared the cover to another galaxy ii that is sold in asia and i found that the design is different.so if you bought galaxy ii from usa, don't buy cover from outside usa
it is good, and look so cute. i like it. it is cheap than when i saw in a store.
i made a good choice wheni thought of buying this, its very safe, & not to bulky! overall very satisfied customer.
very satisfied with my purchase. the quality is good and the shipping is quick. the case provides enough friction to enable a good grip on the phone. tpu (the plastic material where the case is made of) virtually resists oil and dust. i used to have an otter box for my other phone. the protection is excellent but the silicone attracts dust like crazy. the s-style pattern at the back is more of a personal taste - some people like it but some other may not. to me it adds some flavor to an otherwise plain black case. the protection on all 4 sides on the front panel looks sufficient (anyone dare to slam your phone on the floor to test it out?). i wish the top margin (above the earphone) can wrap down by a few mm. overall i feel my phone secured in the case.
totally awesome, it was made with good quality and i would purchase this again in another color it still looks new!
this case is better than i thought i love the feel and design and it is well made and doen not collect dust.
this product arrived quickly. it fits my htc and is easy to get on and off, i have no complaints.
great grip, great style, gerat durability, great price! lasts long. slim fit! should be included in every htc sensation purchase and if it was it may have beaten the iphone 5! too bad htc
a note of caution from someone who owned and used just about every major blackberry model: if you already own a standard usb 2.0 cable and you don't need an extra, then you do not need this cable. all a blackberry needs for data transfer is a standard usb 2.0 cable with a micro-usb connector at one end.there is nothing special about this cable and nothing justifies the artificially inflated msrp listed for it. while this item is sold at a 90% off the msrp discount, it's probably okay to purchase one, for as long as, after reading the first paragraph you decide that you will need a usb 2.0 cable.the items has 2 stars taken away for the exaggerated marketing claim (professional grade custom cable) and for the inflated msrp.note: please make sure that you buy cable with a micro-usb connector because this is what your blackberry needs.
this is a good product is just a usb cable it work perfect just like a oem cable. . .
well, went on the internet first....$14.00, then to a very well known store, here in gloucester, ma, $28.  i was not happy.  then, of course, i knew amazon would come up with something...they did, $4.00 and change...it arrived promptly.  i cannot say enough about amazon, they are realistic in their prices, knowing that people do not have that kind of money to pay for a wire,,for 14 or 28 dollars. i have never been so happy to get what i need without spending my last dollar for it.  thank you again and again.
i would like a extra cable for my smartphones at work, so i purchased this one. nothing special as long as it is working, and it is.no complain.
there is a difference in usb cables.  on some computers, including mine, the usb ports are underpowered, and some poor cables do not transmit data well.  i have purchased some cheaper cables that would not transmit data between my computer and my blackberry storm 9530.  this cable works great, even with my underpowered usb ports.
i bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap, and that it is. i use this with my nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues, such as screen lag, my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is, and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode. so if you need a real quick cable for basic charging, this will do it, anything else...spend the extra buck on a higher end cable.
i purchased 3 of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews.  i don't know how people are getting these cables to work... but out of the 3 i bought, 0 have functioned properly with my palm pre!  the best i can do is get it to charge, though the entire time it is charging the computer is complaining about "unknown device" and "could not install drivers" even though it works beautifully with the original cable.  the only setting that works is "just charge"!  each of the 3 cables fails slightly differently which makes me believe that each has a different flaw!  i've tried this with my wife's palm pixi as well as used different computers and that failed as well.  look elsewhere when attempting to purchase a cable for your palm device!
this phone cord is so easy to use and easily connected from phone to computer. great value for the price.
this cable is better than original.  never any issues with phone recognizing usb connection, as the original does, when plugged to pc.
i bought this recently and did not expect much, as it was only $2.99 shipped to my door.  for that much money, how can you go wrong?  so, i have not used it to transfer data yet, as it it plugged into my pc at work just for charging.  when plugged in, my palm pixi prompts me, just as the factory cable does, to transfer or charge.  i have used this cable about 10x to charge now, and it works great!  do not hesitate to purchase this if you need another cable, or two!
a good inexpensive cable that works like the original.  i purchased this cable because i wanted one that would work with the touch stone i just purchased.  after reading several reviews and looking at competing cables i deciding on this one.  while several inches shorter (40") than the original it works well and with the touch stone.  i used this cable mainly for use in the car.
the cable worked great with the pre if you need an extra one, but i suggest purchasing the whole unit--plug and all, not just the cable, because with shipping and handling it gets to be the same price.
not much to say about a wall charger except it charges my bluetooth perfectly.  i'm glad i bought it.  thank you!
this charger does the trick.  the charger in my car doesn't work when the ignition is off, and who wants a dangling cord hanging down in their field of vision while driving.have charged the t505 up once since i got it, and the battery life is reported to be around 18 hours of usage or 30 days of standby.  i may charge it every couple of weeks.  very convenient accessory.
the motorola t505 doesn't come with an ac charger, only a dc charger. this makes a great addition to the package. you can charge in your home at night.
i was initially leary about purchasing this item due to the extremely low price and to have free shipping also, but i needed a wall charger since motorola only includes a car charger with their wireless car phone speakers.  so i took a chance (due to the low price and free shipping) and was pleasantly surprised.  the charger appears to as well made as the other after market chargers i purchased previously for my e-book reader, pda, camera, etc., and at less than 25% of the cost.  i charged my motorola speaker without any problems.
we bought this charging cord because the t505 only came with a car charger.  we now have 2 t505 with the 2nd one intended for use with connecting our bluetooth enabled phones with the home stereo.  this cord offers a convenient way to charge both as we are not in the car for long enough periods for the device to charge completely while travelling.  by bringing in the devices we are able to charge overnight to a full charge.  great price and no complaints with receipt of material in either packaging or transit time.
it's true! this cable outperforms the original! when i charge my phone, it's chargier. the data is more datery and the phone is more phoney in general. if i wear the cable around my neck like a bolo tie, people like me better and i can run faster and jump higher.  if i circle my dinner plate with it, the food tastes better. basically this cable makes everything better than the original. i'm thinking about getting a 2nd one!
this is clearly not a htc cable as it has the blackberry logo on it and the bulk packaging label says blackberry...but it's a oem micro usb cable none the less and works perfectly on any micro usb device i plugged it into.while i haven't tested it's speed against other cables i doubt it outperforms any other oem cable but it works and that's all i asked for of it.the cable is a bit thick and as a result is stiff but not unmanageably so.it should also be noted that the cable shown in the picture is not of the actual product, that is a mini usb cable and appears to be quite a bit longer than the product, this cable is 1m long.
"this cable not recommended for this device." that is what i get for an error message. plus it is really short.
i only trust htc accessories for htc phones having bad luck with aftermarket products that are cheaper, but cheap is expensive.
i'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working...for the exact same phone! i just don't get it. i decided to try it out despite the people that said it didn't work, and i'm glad i did. it's exactly what i expected and wanted. i actually bought 2 of these so i could leave one in my car and one at work. for only $4 and some change for the both...this was a great buy for me and now i never have to worry about my incredible running out of battery!
i was really impressed by the price and was very excited when it arrived. but it doesn't work like it says it does. at first it charged my phone just fine but then it stopped charging; i waited a day to charge again but it still didn't charge.
well bought this so i could have a spare cord since i have the original cord in my car with a usb charger there got tired of keeping track where i had it last.  so this cord works on when plugged into the wall.  when hooked to a pc phone wont stay connected to the pc to transfer files or anything.  so if you just need a cord to plug into the wall this will work but don't even think of this cord if you want to use it with a pc.
i use this cord to charge my phone in my pc at work and it works great. doesn't charge super fast but charges it none the less.
this product is great value for the price. and it works like it suppose to. you can't beat it. you always need extra cords.
poor manufacturing quality the connector is too long and does not properly fit in my phone. i would not buy this.
cable works fine with my verizon galaxy s4, it charges and transmit the data fine.however, connector tip(phone side) is too thick, it won't fit if you use aftermarket cases.
it is what it is. a charging and sync cord. it charges the phone and helps transfer data from the phone to the computer.
the cable is good, but it does not fit the samsung galaxy s4. it does plug in, but not far enough in to hold securely.
it works and is a good value for the price compared to the retail stores. the only negative is that it is just a tad too short.
works great. it is always good to have backup cables and this one works great and replaced my old one.
i have purchased many chargers for my samsung phone on amazon and honestly the quality is just so so on them.  maybe i'm just really hard on chargers but i feel like they should last more than a few months.  spend the money and get a good quality one.
i got this to charge my samsung galaxy s2 but it always came unplugged from the phone, whenever the phone would be moved it falls out and even just resting on a flat surface it would eventually find its way out of the phone. i had to buy another usb cord because i became very frustrated with this
purchased this usb cable to connect my samsung smartphone to my laptop computer.  works well and fits my needs and expectations.
it works great and came at the right time you can never have enough chargers for every where lol thanks
these were really inexpensive and they work just like i wanted them to.there have been no problems so far
it was what i expected to be and works fine, thought it might have been a larger gauge of wire?
do you need to charge your phone? so you need to transfer data? then boy oh boy this cable does that.
works fine if you don't move the phone.  if you handle the phone, the plug works its way out within two or three minutes.  this despite a relatively stiff fit.  note that the cord that came with the phone plugs in smoothly and securely.  that's my general-use cord now; this one is relegated to overnight charging where the phone isn't being used.
disappointed at how cheap they are and doubt they were designed for newer devices.  they are also very short.  took a long time to ship.  specifically purchased due to the ad saying they were for samsung galaxy devices.  it did not work in my s4.  they require a good charger a d one that is newer and better.
damaged charger. when i recieved it the charger had a short in it. i had to wiggle the cord for my phone to charge.
it works perfect. it charges my phone pretty quickly and it's great that it retracts. no problems with this charger.
this is an excellent divice, i have order several within 6 months for family and friends who wanted to take mine. love it!
this charger doesn't work very well. when plugged in, it shows that it is charging, but after ten minutes i'm lucky to get 1% more on my battery. i only use it now if my battery is low and i want to keep it from getting lower...that's really all it's good for.
i was pretty upset to find that one day it stopped charging my phone, right in the middle of a long trip. ffffffuuuuuuu...
i really like this charger and not having the cord hanging around all the time when it's not necessary.  item was received quickly and was as seller stated. the cord retracts in a snap when i'm done with it. it also pulls out to whatever length so that i can just pull it out a short way to plug my phone in and the cord is not everywhere. i recommend it!
it works, that's about all that can be said for it. it charges my galaxy fine, but cord does not retract. mine came with a busted spring. cheap enough i don't care, not worth the shipping to return. it charges, i suppose that's all that matters
looking at the price, i ordered 2 of these.it served the purpose initially. but in few months one of them stopped working.that's 50% hit rate. though, i don't what's the life for the other charger.
initially it is a great charger at a great price. however, i've been through 2 now and they tend to not last very long. for the price though i guess it's still not a bad deal.
love it for moving from car to car.  great for a mobile person. can pack in brief case or backpack when travel, without worry about cord hanging or wrapping.
the charger works fine.  it was a great value considering how much they cost in stores.  however, it doesn't retract at all.
the plug fits and it charges my captivate, it felt rather snug. the "retractable"-ness of this charger is anything but. plain ol' doesn't work. i literally took it out of the package, and the first time i pulled the cord out - didn't yank, tug, or otherwise forcefully pull it - about 10 inches and hit the retract button to test it out and it retracted about 2 inches of it. i pulled it out further, retracted about 4 or so inches of it. bottom line was that after messing with it and *feeding* it back into the charger versus it retracting itself automatically when depressing the retract button, it took a few minutes to get the plug retracted so that only a few inches of cable was still hanging out of the charger and that was the best i could get. the cable would only automatically retract 2-4 inches at any given length. the main reason i wanted this was for the "retractability" since i hate having cables dangling around.working on getting a refund for this item now.
i've used this for almost 2 years now and it just now broke. but i can still used it. the button that retracts it just got loose so it doesn't latch anymore.
took longer than expected to be delivered but over all satisfied with the charger. the retractable cord is just long enough to reach the cup holder in my truck where i usually put my phone. down side, ive already got 2 welps on my arm from retracting the cord! be careful! haha.
was somewhat concerned after reading some of the reviews. price was great so i bought extras just in case. quality seems great. cord not quite as flimsy as expected from other comments. love not having the cords getting tangled in car
i love the retractable feature as it hides away so nicely. i does the job just as well as a thick corded device. excellent product.
this works just fine to recharge my captivate. with some products, it's impossible to get a good tight connection to the phone at the usb end; this one does not have that problem.
item shipped and arrived very fast. item is perfect for my car & phone, very compact. item is as advertise.
great i gave it to my gf and she loves it.
not much to say, here.  this little charger works well and it was a lot less expensive than sprint store.
i like how long the cord is with this changer so that i'm able to reach the night stand and table from where i plug it in at.  however, i'm not a fan of how long it seems to take to charge to full charge, nor how it atomically &#34;stops&#34; charging at certain times on it's own.
this is a very good charger to keep for travel and as a back up in your house. i use it frequently.
i was very pleased with this item when i got it back so quickly because it was a gift. however, i cannot give a 5 star rating for a product that never worked.
the phone charger works, it charges the phone. however, while the phone is charging it continually beeps as when the battery is too low.it will not stop beeping while it is charging until the battery reaches a certain percentage.i do not think this is the correct charger to be using on the phone i have.now i am worried based on other reviewers that the battery may blow on the phone and i'll have to replace that too.i would not recommend buying this charger.the charger from my old blackberry works better.
i had to replace the cord from the first one i purchased a month ago, but this one is great.
it works great. it has a longer cord than the one i got with the phone. i would recommend this item.
when i went to take the charger out of my wallit snapped in half. lesson learned,cheap things break too quickly.
this power cord is a great replacement for the standard dual use cord that comes with your phone. by dual use, i mean, the standard cord that comes with your phone is a usb data cable with a dc power plug on the end. sometimes i am using the phone and just one twist or tug of the line and the cable will disconnect from the dc power supply, which i imagine will cause the data cable to short out over time and also may ruin the battery. phone companies just got cheap and decided to stop sending phones with a power cable and a data cable separately, but in the end, you will go out and get yourself a standard power cable...like this one, which is just fine...quality-wise and price-wise. yep. oh, and this does have a big red light that comes on once you plug it into the wall, whether your phone is plugged to it or not, so if you are one of those nit picky sleepers that needs a completely dark room to sleep, you stick yourself a small piece of black electrical tape over the light, because it is brighter then you may think.
we've had it a month and it's working great. wish the cord was a little longer but it's much longer than the one you get with the phone.
it works and it works well. i go through chargers pretty quickly so im hoping this one will hold up. so far, so good! the wire is thick and its well put together! as far as im concerned, its well worth the small amount
thanks for the quick delivery time. and, it actually is a quality note pad! mom loves it, it was a replacement gift for another brand from another company that did not work, this one is awesome!
i love that this has a longer cord!  it fits great in my phone!  very pleased you have it so cheap!  thanks!
paid $0.32 for the charger and $2.81 shipping & handling.....yeah, i know the shipping & handling was much more expensive than the charger was but i needed a charger that connected and this one fit nice and snug so i am able to charge my phone while sitting at my desk in my home office at my computer looking for work.....which is an all day job huh?  lol!  wow, i wish i could write reviews for a living wouldn't that be nice?  i think the total price of $$3.13 was a great savings compared to how much the retailers that sell the mobile phones charge anywhere from $10-$20.  ms_thrifty has done it again!  stay tune to more reviews, oh how i love amazon!
gave this 4 of 5 stars because the cord is waaaaaaay too short. works well. charges phone quickly also. wouldn't buy again however.
its a charger and it works as advertised. it also cam in the mail pretty quickly so i am satasfied with that as well.
u can never have too many.  bought this as a spare for purse, home and work.  now i don't have to worry about forgetting it.
product came really fast, nice long cord, which was great considering factory cord is so short. worked great til the third day, then i don't know what happened...at the price i didn't expect perfection, and at sellers defense,i have not contacted them..it could easily be my own fault and i've been so busy...even review is late. (sorry)
have this in my office at work for a little extra boost when needed. nothing fancy just a charger that does what its ment to do.
bought as gift for my relative and he loves it.....great job...would highly recommend this product to all customers.thank you
where you mainly use your blue tooth is when you need to be hands on the wheel...driving.if your bt is down on battery charge, this is handy.  i just wish the length of the cord were longer....i already had a plug-in in the charger nearest me....!
i have used this car charger for the last 2 months. so far all is well. nice retractable cord. it retracts at the push of a button.
it was the wrong one.the male end does not fit the iphone 4s .  once it was pulled out it would not retract
i have not used this as of yet , however, my wife has without issue.i have the x50 headset and she has the voyage, it works on both really well.
this is a bad charger it does not work properly and it has a really bad shortage. i hate it!
works great for powering my plantronics bt. i like the retractable cord so it doesnt have a long cord getting in the way. nice and compact and easy to store when not in use
good
i was a bit wary about buying this headset in used condition, but was lured by the half-price price tag when compared to a new headset. i envisioned all sorts of shortcomings, but when it arrived i was astounded at the excellent condition of the headset. it is clean. no scratches. no faded labeling. it looked to be brand new. oh yeah...it works great, too.&#128077;
i love that this headset stays firmly on the head with the band and firmly on the ear with just the ear piece.  the sound quality is great, and the ability to mute the mic is the main reason i bought this.  the mute switch is in a convenient place and has a nice clip to attach to your shirt.  the only reason i give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because i have had a lot of people tell me i sound somewhat distorted when talking on it.  usually i can make it better by adjusting the mic volume (another nice feature) or by moving the mic away from my mouth.  overall good purchase for the money.
i've been using one of these for years!  i replace it with a new one when the old one wears out.  the mic is always strong enough to pick up my voice, and i never have complaints about people not being able to hear me.  the ear-pad is comfy, and i occasionally forget i have this on.  the best part is the adjustable amplifier - if i have distortion from the sound out of my cell phone, i can increase or decrease both the output from the cell phone itself and the amplifier on the headset, and i usually can maximize the sound and minimize distortion.  i don't have to hold anything with my hand to get the conversation through.
love this type of headset.  i use one at work every day, so i got one for home too.  i hate things &#34;in&#34; my ear, so this quality over-the-head type keeps everything where it belongs and i can wear it for hours with no pain or irritation.  comfortable and lightweight.  doesn't even mess up hair.  it includes a leatherette &#34;cup&#34; for the ear speaker, but i usually don't even use it, finding it comfortable even without it.  it converts to an &#34;ear hook&#34; type also, but i don't find that very useful.  the inline volume control and mute is nice, although a bit large and heavy.  great sound quality
this headset works fine, but i expected somewhat better sound quality for the price. also have not been able to get it to work with my samsung galaxy, i'm guess that was an issue with the 2.5 to 3.5 mm plug adapter i got since it works fine with my panasonic cordless phone. not sure if this would allow you to initiate a call on the cell phone, however, which is what i am really looking for from a headset since bluetooth headset sound quality is so poor.
i bought this for its durability, but the sound quality was pretty low/poor; volume was low too.
this is a decent quality headset and sound quality from the ear piece is standard plantronics quality (i.e. very good). the 2.5mm jack means it won't fit on some mobile phones (this is smaller than a standard headphone jack), but for my blackberry it's great (both 8820 and pearl). as a bonus, i also use it with my xbox 360 controllers (both with the attached messenger keyboard and without) for online gaming. some people have observed that i sound a little distant with this headset while plugged into the wireless xbox controller, but repositioning the mic to be as close to my mouth as possible fixes it.there is an adjustable mic sensitivity switch on the plug, but this doesn't seem to make any difference to people at the far end of the conversation.it's held up quite well over the past few years, being stuffed in bags and traveling around. it's not as cool as the wireless headsets (bluetooth etc) but it doesn't take batteries, doesn't have to be recharged and isn't subject to interference. i'll buy it again if/when this one finally dies.
i love the product even though i messed up and didn't know i needed a 3.5 so had to purchase adaptor.  i had a small issue that was my own fault and this company was outstanding with customer service.
excited about this based on good reviews, but did not have the same experience.tested on my nexus s cell phone, person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound.  i unplugged headset and switched to using my cell, and they said the problem went away, so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset.also, just fyi, this does not come retail packaged, but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions.  not a problem for me, but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality.
these have great sound and my voice is clear to other parties. the volume switch and mute slider work well and it has lasted for some time.
i've been buying these headsets for several years, recommending them to friends and associates and now i'm buying them as gifts for the headset challenged. you know, people who literally have pains in their neck from clamping a phone between their head and shoulders.these are wonderful headsets. i've used them with a variety of cordless and cell phones. as long as you have a 2.5mm socket, you're in business. audio reception is excellent even for those like me with moderate hearing loss. and the microphones are simply top-notch.i've had only one break and that was because i crammed it into a travel case - and i mean crammed. with regard to ordinary daily abuse, these hold up well.all in all, an excellent value.jerry
i've tried and returned at least 5 headsets ranging from $15 to $150. this one was typical of the others that i returned, low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone. i finally ended up with a panasonic tca60 for about $19 which is very loud and sounds great on both ends. it's nothing fancy, no volume control and no mute, but who needs that when you can accomplish the same thing with your phone. price does not determine sound quality. i recommend this product.
a nice change for me - having a headset that doesn't slip and slide, fall out of my ear, or buzz. my favorite feature is the button that controls the sound level the recipient of my call experiences. the only time is doesn't work well is when the listener is also wearing a headset, and even then, i suspect that it is the fault of the listener's headset and not mine.
the only problem with this headset is that people you are talking to will have trouble hearing you.  this is pretty important to me, so i only give it 2 stars.  i have used it extensively with both my cell phone and my cordless phones at home with the same problem.
i don't think this will last very long.  i was thinking of deploying this in a call center environment, but i don't think it would last very long.  plus, the cord is too short for desktop use.
before buying this set i searched a lot and did read a lot of reviews and finally i chose to go with this set. the screwdrivers are very easy to use specially with iphones.i had to change the batterry on my iphone and if stanley screwdriver set was not there i was about to break my iphone.thanks for making this set so helpful and easy to use.
handy little set to have around if you tinker with electronic devices. this set has many uses for otherthings also. product is as described and price is right. i recommend everyone having a set.
i bought this set to fix a pair of eyeglasses that had loose screws. the smallest screwdriver in this kit was perfect for that job, so mission accomplished. the tops of each screwdriver twirls independently from the shaft, meaning you can keep a finger on top of the head to stabilize the driver while you're screwing. (sorry, there's no other way to say that.) the box suggests these screwdrivers can be used for repairing eyeglasses, cameras, watches, fishing reels, hobbies, electronics, and small appliances. i think this set will come in very handy.
screwdrivers work well, however plastic separator tool tip broke off on the first phone case i used it to open...what a drag.
i like them but they are not super duty materials. works great for the application but when i was dismantling a hard drive one of them stripped.  im not too concerned because of the price. over all good value!
the one plastic wedge broke on first use.  otherwise, it is about what i expected.  a usable set of tools for phones and some laptops.
the torx screw drivers work wonderfully and the tweezers work well, but the pry tool is too weak and ineffectual for the project i used them on.i bought this kit to remove the cameras out of my htc 4g lte and i didn't have any problems except for removing the small plastic portion on the bottom rear side of the phone.  the pry tool was way too flimsy for the job and i'm not convinced that it would do the trick for any similar function.i'd recommend this kit if you primarily purchased it for the torx drivers but not if you require the use of the pry tool as well.
this comes with 4 flats and 2 philips. i believe they are also metric in sizes. i used one to take a part a netbook. i like the fact that they spin, come in a plastic kit. they are reasonably priced. these items are high quality. handles are small and can be hard to loosen a screw if torqued down. i used them for a laptop not as a jeweler so... nice case, nice color, small area, ... comes in a card board cover as well. packaged and more packaged. a little over doing it there. can't be at times a little difficult to open the plastic case. was going push up or down. comes with different sizes. some of the flats seemed a little thick in the blade. not a bad item for the price. always good to have a set of these around for glasses/sunglasses or for other items with small screws.
i had to replace the battery on my phone cause it had gone completely flat. apple was charging a lot and this battery did the job perfectly for a lot cheaper and came with the tools.
installation was easy and the tool kit worked though the plastic tools are no the robust and will break if you tweak on them too much. the paper foil was coming off the battery when i open the package but folding back in place worked, once it's in the phone it is not an issue. so far the phone charges fast and the life is much better than the 2 year old battery it replaced. so far i would recommend this battery.update: 4 weeks after installing this battery is would only last 5 hours and that was barely using the iphone with no voice calls at all during that time and no extra heavy use of the internet or anything. drained it and charged from dead several times, made sure that location services, blue tooth, apps closed... all off and still drained. got my money back and bought one for 1/2 the price and that one works great! maybe i just got a defective battery.... a risk we all take when buying these 3rd party batteries.
plastic pry tool kinda sucks, but all the other tools in the kit are quite handy, helped me fix a broken screen on a $500 phone so saved a bit of cheddar there.
the tools helped greatly. i used the tools it provided and followed the instruction video on youtube. everything was done in about 30mins, for a beginner like me. the battery, which replaced my 2-year old original one, works well so far after about one and half months. it gets charged very quickly and lasted very long. for average user like me, the battery last for about 10 + hours every full charge.
wish it was magnetized but it's sturdy & has the common pieces i need when i'm working on smaller items or electronics. seems sturdy though only time will tell.
bought tool kit to do a battery upgrade on my cell phone. since it has an embedded battery i needed to take the phone apart. like the saying goes when you got the right tools things go a lot easier most of the time.
used this in a phone i repaired, battery fit perfectly and seemed to work fine, phone was on 5 percent, left it for two days, then i checked and it was on 1%, seems legit.
i haven't used them all yet, but they aren't as quality as some of my precision tools.  like the pry tool and tweezers.
i must agree with gary tuscon's review. for under $5, even though the smallest flat-head screwdriver in here is 1.4 mm (too large for the screws that hold the links on a seiko women's watchband), the quality is such that i will keep them. the case is very good and labeled very clearly. the screwdrivers have a decent weight as well and the handles turn smoothy.if these came in smaller sizes, with tempered tips that smaller sized tools need to be strong, i would definitely consider them as well.if i had one minor nitpick, it would be that a color-coding of the handles would be a great help, but really, this is an excellent value for the price.
these tools gets the job done. had no problem i was able to finish less than a hour going to also buy two more for my friends. great deal and quality product quick and fast thanks!!
very pleased with this tool kit.  i have already gotten a couple phones repaired with this kit with no loss anywhere in the kit.  would purchase again if necessary.
this set has some very unique screw driver  heads, the kind of set you need for working on cell phones or household small appliances. you would have a hard time finding some of them.
the torx is the only real useful tool in here for the evo4g. not a big fan, just use a credit card instead
seem to be high quality compare with the cost. have every thing i needed (or more) to open my motorola droid.
i should've ordered at least two sets.  these come in handy for a lot of things, home, workplace, etc.  and as soon as others know you have them, they need to &#34;borrow&#34;.  keep you eye on them!  great tool for a lot of little projects.  fair price.
these tools are better than expected. the handles are hard plastic but fit my hand nicely and the the rotating tops work well. the tweezer ends match perfectly so they pick up small parts with ease. similarly, the driver tips are well machined and accurately sized. only the plastic prying tool seems a bit flimsy, but it nevertheless held up to some hard prying without breaking. in all, a good deal and i'm ordering a second set this evening.
needed for my razr cellphone to change the internal battery.  more tiny screwdrivers than i'll ever use but are of good quality for what i needed.
seeing is how the 2, 5 star reviews on this item are from fake users who seem to be trash talking other iphone battery sellers and 5 staring there own is pretty messed up so therefore it appears this seller is some type of scammer.
after viewing some youtube videos on this procedure, i was able to swap the battery in about 1/2 hour (which included taking pictures and studying the insides of the iphone 4s.the tools are good enough to get the job done -- i never felt that the tools were going to fall apart.  in fact, i'm keeping them around for other mobile phone work.the only thing i'd recommend (esp. for older folks with not-so-good eyesight) is a good way to magnify things so you can see what you're doing.  i use a big magnifying glass, 1.5x reading glasses (3x would be better), a headlamp (to add light where i need it).
pros- good tool set if you need to take things apart.cons- they came in a plastic bag (no case)- they're extremely flimsy plastic that makes me feel like if i use them over 10 times, they're going to break.i don't recommend this at all and would recommend you buy something other than this.
judging from what i've seen in other reviews and what i received there is inconsistency in what is being shipped out.  i received a zip-lock bag containing 12 pieces. (see user uploaded photo that matches the description below)- 6 torx type drivers, magnetic tip (t4,t5,t6,t7,t8,t10) (orange handle, with blue cap)- 1 philips driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 flat driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 3-point driver, magnetic tip (clear red handle)- 2 tweezers (stainless steel, on blister packs)- 1 pry tool (dark green)i purchased this set to do some work on a droid x (mb810), and they did the job well enough, except i had to carefully use the t4 instead of a t3 *very* carefully on 12 screws holding the screen assembly together. i'll give it a 3 star rating "it's ok"
battery would not charge in iphone. iphone shut down after 2 minutes of being powered up. had to throw it away.
i bought these tool to us for repairing my nephews iphone 4 but non of them were the right size, so if you buying them for the iphone don't buy these
does not fit the 4s so make sure you are ordering the right one.  you will need tools, so i suggest you get one with tools.
i had to pop open my samsung galaxy s3 to fix it up but none of the tools i had worked or fit. these worked perfectly and fit the screws and took it apart with ease. compact and easy to carry around.it arrived on time and in good shape. thanks!
worked great
i use these for electronics repairs.  there are several sizes and configurations to meet various needs.  the most helpful thing about them is the independently turning barrel which allows you to apply pressure on the end of the tool and easily turn the barrel/screw right or left.  they may not be the best tools on the market, but they have served me well.
these are all torx drivers, there is no flathead or phillips in this set, which is going back to amazon today.
nothing too special over here.  just some screwdrivers.  seem to hold up well.  i used them on my g-shock band, and they worked and didn't strip, so i was pleased.
i got this to try and replace a screen, found out i'm not a phone repair person.  it did have what i needed, lacking skill needed to do the job.  i can replace my hard drive in my home computer, and add memory, this takes allot more skill.  if you have the skill, the tools are great and very complete.  i had everything the video said i needed, minus the skill.
very helpful and good quality
i rate this 5 stars. love this product! great price and quality. love how it works with my iphone 4. and it comes with a lot of tools which is great, in case you misplace one of them.
it has a lot of what i need to do basic repairs on a phone but it is bare bones.
could have been better for the price and wait time. 2 of the drivers are labeled as a 1.5 but are clearly different sizes. also the wear kinda fast if working with tight screws
very fast delivery.  product is as described and useful tool.  if  you need a set of these this is a good one
i use these mostly for electronics repair and they get they job done. great for phone repair or and small electronics.
i watched a short video on you tube then ordered this kit.  i changed the battery in just a few minutes.  amazingly simple.  all the tools you need are here (the star screw driver is the only thing thats not really standard, but here its all in one place).  just do it.
you may not need these types of screwdrivers often, but when you do need them, nothing else will do.  they're great for tightening eyeglass screws or opening up the cases of small electronic devices.this is a nice set.  it comes with 4 slotted and 2 philips style in a variety of sizes. they seem to be well made and i suspect that they last a long time. the swivel heads allow you to put downward pressure on the screwdriver as you turn it to minimize the risk of stripping the head on delicate small screws. the case has a labeled space for each screwdriver. it's your typical plastic case with a snap top and should hold up as long as you don't step on it or drop something on it.  this set is a nice value for the price.
it is chinesse(like almost everything in this world lol) but they are really well done, and for the price they are a bargain.the screw drivers have a free rolling top to make pressure, and the body is rellay good, nice grip and 3 lobules ergonomics.the pliers are just as good as you can get, no problems with them and good finish on the edges, not like razors like othersthe prying tool is just what you need for almost any device you want to tear apart(besides the ipad) they have enough strenght to pry out plastics and even aluminun bodys of smartphones.there is to mini screwdriver, a flat an a phillips, i use them for electronics.overall pretty satisfied, i would buy another one later on
really poor quality tweezer bent like nothing screw drivers made of cheap plastic adhesive removing tool again cheap plastic you get what you pay for would not recommend to anyone who is trying to perform phone surgery
not the best ive purchased but it came with the right size for iphone 4 but the ones with the yellow handles are really just different sizes for a star screw, and none of them fits the iphone 4 star screw. you can always use it for another gadget though.
once or twice a month you need a smaller screwdriver than your always handy six -in-one. this setfills the bill nicely. when you need it you need it. a must have.
this item came in a timely matter and fit the descrition the only thing that the plastic broke a little to easily but other than that every thing else is good
nothing fancy but is extremely useful when you need it! love the tweezers and the big writing telling me which tool is which size. took a while, 3-4 weeks i'd guess, but was worth the wait! i'd easily recommend them.
i received it today and it doesn't charge. i'm sure it is used - i found a piece of broken iphone glass on the contact side.
like others have said here, the screwdriver set is solid and good quality and will last forever.  the issue of course here is that the screwdrivers are not a true jewelers set and will be too big for most jewelry/watch related tasks.  so if you are looking for that type of set, this isnt the one to use.
it's $6 so i don't know if i'm asking too much. the screw drivers work and are slightly magnetized. the prying tool is completely junk and broke before i had even finished my task - a guitar pick is much more durable. the tweezers are also worthless. get them for the screwdrivers, not for the other tools.
i needed a new screwdriver set to work on laptops with, as most of my old ones have mysteriously disappeared. at the price, there was no way i was going to beat a set of stanleys. the best part so far, to me, is that they come already magnetized. i put them to use the day i received them, and am quite happy with them.
i purchased this battery to replace a water soaked one in an iphone 4. i don't even know if it is charging or not as the unit won't turn on for me. the shipping is prompt, the packaging great, and the description is accurate.
now i have it. i can carry it with me and always have the perfect size tool for the little things that go wrong.
i have used this kit to fix a bunch of cell phones  and price is right and tools work great
i'm sure that there is something that says it will not come as pictured, but still i was disappointed.the tools helped me get the job done, but they also did not hold up well. the plastic plying tools bent and broke fairly quickly. i can't say that it wasn't user error, but they seemed very cheap.
i bought this for my wife's 2 year old iphone 4s.  she said it seemed to work about the same or a little better than the old battery.  not a huge improvement, but an acceptable replacement  if you need a new battery.
this review is for the iphone 5 battery and tool set. i realize now that the company is selling several different items under the same listing, so the reviews can be confusing and not accurate.like many other &#34;power users&#34; (i.e. slaves) of their iphones, i came to the end of the usefulness for my iphone 5's internal battery. after lamenting on whether or not to buy some of the cheaper options available, i went with the &#34;you get what you pay for&#34; cliche and paid for the extra assurance that i was not getting a cheap knockoff.the battery i received had a manufacturer date only a few months from when i ordered the piece. who knows how accurate that is, but if you're taking it at face value, i find certain comfort knowing that my battery hasn't been sitting on the shelf losing it's potential usefulness in holding a charge for my crushing of candies.after successfully opening my phone, i can confirm that all the labeling and signage match exactly to what is on the original battery in my phone. any copycat can do this, but it gives me hope that this new battery comes from the same manufacturers as the oem battery.the tools worked just fine for me. i was able to pry the top glass of my phone off by using the tools provided in the kit. do some extra research around properly removing the battery. use the clear plastic sheet under the battery to help lift it up and separate from the adhesive. that was the most challenging part of my battery replacement. after two months of use, i can make it through the whole day after heavy phone use without looking for a charger. my life is complete again!
this is a good buy if it is what you are wanting.  i misread the product info and did not realize this is all torx screwdrivers.
this was a great deal.  easy to install and a direct fit replacement for the iphone 4s.  does what it should and hopefully it will last.
i fix my own phones and tab 3 and mac computers (desk top and laptop), and ipad(s). so having the right tools are very important to me. the price was the thing that did it for me. great price!!
purchased this to remove screws on my samsung galaxy sii but even the smallest tool in the set was too large.
i bought this set and have repaired my android a few times already and it's a must have tool set when working on such small electronics
great tools, i still use them and i like the quality, great price as well.good vendor.i would buy more.
this tool set is better than expected. the machining and finish is very good. if used for small electronics and similar applications, this set should be durable.
not bad,but too little things inside is incomplete, and the bad use of hexagonal. but it is ok . thanks
this was a great deal for the set. high quality materials at a low price. i would recommend this product to a friend.
tools were required for opening gps, ipod, etc cases. nice selection of sizes. the plastic wedge tool is easily damaged. a five star rating if it included a case (i would have even paid extra for a case)
the torx screwdrivers were great, the tweesers were substandard, and the spluger was very cheap, mine broke the first time i used it.  for the price you cannot expect high quality.  all in all it did the job
these were a supper price and while not supper strong they will do the job and you get a lot for your money.
for the price, you cannot beat this little stanley screwdriver set.  this one features several very tiny standard and phillips head screwdrivers.  if you have a need for very small head screwdrivers, this one is for you.  these are useful for messing with eyeglasses, certain electronics gadgets, and firearms.  i have several revolvers and pistols which have sight adjustments that have outrageously small adjustment screws.  for these sights this little kit is a must -- none of my other tools could manage to fit these screws but this one did.  that alone made it worth the amazon price and this little kit has a permanent place in my range shooting bag.  rjb.
this tool repair kit is useful for repairs on a laptop, smartphone, eyeglasses, and anything else with very small screws.
had a mix up with getting the item and slow shipping but it was all resolved in the end so i am satisfied with the purchase
i really needed the torx driver tools to fix broken nexus 4 back plate and this kit worked great. i'm really glad to have it around in case i need it again.
i ordered this to replace my iphone battery, i am a deployed soldier and now i have become the cell phone technition
the battery worked very well! i used the screwdriver and the plastic pieces of the kit in replacement, and the tips of the spudger get bent without hard use - such as prying the old battery out. still, a great value in a diy kit to give new life to your tired iphone 4s!
i tried two (yes, two) batteries and had to send both back because both were crap. i finally decided to spend a bit more hoping it would equate to more quality. well that seems to have paid off (third time's the charm i guess). the battery itself replaced my old battery perfectly. it holds a charge well and reads the correct battery percentage. the included tools were a bonus. i already had a set of tools from replacing my wife's battery a while back. however these were much better. the old tools i had were stripping the tiny screw heads. this set of tools gripped the screw heads perfectly. overall i'm very happy.
very handy tools i mostly use it when i have to fix soomething small like phones docks and other cool stuff
very nice quality set of screwdrivers. they sell bigger sets on here for cheaper, but made by a different company. do not buy them. if you want a quality precision set of drivers. this is the company to go with.
the tools are ok just not quite what i  expected.  they were, however, better than the ones that came with the screen i ordered.
got this to replace an iphone5 battery that was only useable when it was tethered. now it holds full charge and is ready to go. great oem repalcement. the tools are nice enough to use again too.
you get what you pay for. they strip easily. very cheaply made. but i only needed them for a one time use and i didn't have to spend a bunch of money so i can't really complain. but if you will need them more than once...spend the money on good tools.
i have never bought an actual set in a box before.  over the years i have just cobbled together an odd assortment of small screwdrivers.  this was well rated, inexpensive, and in a case.  it is all that i expected.  it works for me.
good but if you plan to repair or take apart apple products this kit is completely useless and won't be worth it
was about ready to send my jawbone era back. then i ordered the jabra ear gels. now i can wear my jawbone all day! aliph should include these with the jawbone headsets. and i intend to tell them! jawbone era is awesome too!
i bought these eargels for my bluetooth, which happens to be a samsung wep200, and it fit it perfectly. gives great comfort and a perfect fit. comes with more than just three. comes with a whole bunch. highly recommended product
i bought these to use with my jawbone era bluetooth headset.  the era comes with 9 different options for ear inserts.  but i always felt like the earpiece was about to fall out, unless i jammed it into my ear so far that it became uncomfortable.enter the jabra eargels...  these made a huge difference.  it fit perfectly onto my ear (the nub on the top goes into the spot above the ear hole).  i could wear this all day.  i wouldn't wear these eargels without having an over-the-ear hook attachment on my era, but these have made a huge difference for the comfort of my bluetooth earpiece.
the eargels fit to the earpiece is fine, nice and tight, but as far as actually getting any of the sizes to comfortably fit, forget it
i got these for my jawbone headset. many had said they work great. but for the life of me i cant figure out how you get them to work short of superglue and even then they are too quiet to hear so i guess they work on the jabra they are designed for but not the jawbone.
on the recommendations of a few reviewers, i tried these gels for my jawbone headset. unfortunately, they did not fit well and came off every time i took the headset off. that was too bad because they did seem somewhat comfortable and did direct the sound into my ear for a louder and clearer sound. however, i returned them because of the poor fit. they would probably work well on some other headsets. if they fit your headset then i would give these gels a try.
when i first installed one of these on my new jawbone ii, they were fantastic.  they fit my ear canal perfectly, negating the need for the ear loop that came with it.  unfotunately after a few days they started rejecting my headset.  the ear pieces would not stay on the jawbone, and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear.  i tried washing and drying them thoroughly, but that only helped for an hour or so.  i am not sure what the fit problem is, but they turned out to not work for my jawbone ii and me at all.
these were advertised to fit the habra stone.  they did not. i don't know if they changed the advertisement since then but it was aid to be a package with the habra stone so i got it. not even one piece fit.  threw them away
i bought these to redirect sound into the ear for my jawbone. to that end it worked like a champ. the only issue i have is that after about a year they started to yellow. i guess that is common with these clear jelly products though.
the jabra eargels are wonderful.. i cannot believe how comfortable, and user friendly they are.  thank you, if not for these, i could not use my bluetooth.great merchandise..
i purchased these because the original ear pieces from jabra were ok but left me pushing on my headset constantly trying to get it in my ear more.  which, unfortunately, resulted in a lot of accidental button pushing and disconnecting calls.i saw these on amazon and thought they were worth trying.  i loved that you get basically 6 ear gels in 3 sizes for both right and left error.i found a size that fit my ear perfectly and was able to use the headset without the earband which was a surprise.the ear gels are gentle and fit in the ear.  only reason i am giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is that it takes quite a bit of adjusting and finesse to get the gel on the headset.  also, while i enjoyed the product i feel it may be slightly over priced for what you get.but overall a great product and the sound is now channelled directly into my ear so i don't have to keep pushing my headset in to hear.  i would recommend this product to others who find the jabra sound decent but also wish it would go in the ear a little more.
people should buy headsets to fit these things bc they are so essential..a must have for any headset that will fit them
these ear gels work very well, comfort is the main reason i bought them, fit the ear very well, the price was right, you will not go wrong with these ear gels, that is why i gave them five stars
works great on ear buds. i bought these to put on my basic ear buds and have them fit more comfortable so i can wear them longer. great for wearing in the car during long drives.
i bought these so my headset would be more comfortable...these hurt your ears just like the one that comes with it no matter what size you use. i wouldn't recommend this to anyone...don't waste your money.
purchased the jawbone bluetooth headset. it was just not comfortable, but with these all is great now. could not ask for a better set of earpieces. great use of my money to get these.
these are the exact ones that i was looking for but there is one problem.  they are supposed to be clear but they arrived yellowed in the package.  it is obvious that they are new, but they have yellowed and are no longer clear.  i bought these to replace existing ones that i have that have yellowed but not to the extent of these new ones.  i have had the previous ones since 2010.  i will keep as spares but am unhappy with the condition of these eargels.
i like this jabra earboom so much that i have purchased 6 of these so far.  and that is my biggest complaint, is their poor quality of workmanship.  they work well but just don't last.  granted, i'm a road warrior and my earbooms probably go through more abuse than a casual user.  the reason i keep buying them is the audio quality is fantastic and the fit within my ear is solid.  i keep two spares on hand at all times so as soon as one fails i can throw it away and move on.  at this price, i can afford it.  also, jabra customer services is great.  i lost the windscreen for the boom mic once and an email to them got me a set of windscreens in my mailbox, no charge.
the gel inserts on the jabra is quite uncomfortable, at least for me.  it's a bit hard to make the earbud stay in my ear, and forget about jogging wearing this.  also the insert comes off very easily, and if a friend wants to borrow it and has different size of ears, you need to find the other sizes of the insert.  sound quality is mediocre, as callees often complain about wind noise from my end.  i'm not happy with these.
jabra makes, by far the best hands-free devices on the market.  this particular model, the earboom, is not with it's faults.  however, it will meet your needs for the most part if you figure out it's peculiarities.jabra provides multiple ear gels for comfort and for left ear or right ear use.  the criticism that they are hard to get used to is valid.  you have to try putting them in different ways till you figure it out.  the instructions are not a substitute for trial and error i suppose.as for the hands-free jack on your phone, you have to make sure you have a 2.5 millimeter jack.  that is the one with 2 stripes on the plug.  unfortunately, a specific compatibility list is hard to come by.  look at the specs for your phone and give it a try.the microphone will capture sound just fine, despite the short arm.  if you find people are telling you your voice is muffled, you must slighly twist the microphone head.  i have found that sometimes, if it is at the wrong angle, it will not capture sound as well.  the arm is flexible enough that it can be adjusted slightly.i also prefer the earwave boom or the earwrap, which have wraparound ear attachments and a slightly longer more solid arm.  the jabra earwave bud doesn't have a microphone arm, but instead has the small mic on the cable with a clip to attach it to your tie.  personally i don't like those models.  i have not found much difference in sound quality, though the earwave boom and the earwrap are somehow easier to figure out.for difficulty of use and for a microphone arm style that i just don't like, i have docked this unit 2 stars.  it should be noted that none of jabra's newer models have this microphone arm any longer  but this is good bang for the buck.  try other higher end models if you are more demanding, like i am, and are willing to spend the money.
these are the very best quality at a awesome price.save $20. over a cell phone company price.
these things were terrible.  the &#34;boom&#34; would keep pulling the ear but out of my ear and i couldn't keep anything in place. the cord was very flimsy... it was just an all around bad buy.  wouldn't do it again.
yeah, i know, they warned me; but i thought i was smarter than the average bear- not so.if you have auto reverse on your tape player and you cannot shut the feature off, this will not work.  it may work for a few minutes at a time, but will always end up frustrating you by switching every few minutes.if you can turn off the auto reverse (or don't have it), it's a very solid product that sounded great.for those like me who need a fm transmitter instead of the tape version, i'd suggest the soundkase fm transmitter for ipod & mp3s.  we've been using it for a week or 2 with good results (and from my research, probably the best results you can get if you can't use a tape connection).
good item, but.....the sound could be better...u get what u pay for!!$8.00 for this as opposed to minimum $130 for a cheap cd installed in the dash.well worth the couple of $$$
not really worth getting.except for very limited application this is not an good way to connect a audio device to the car stereo.this item creates a bunch of mechanical noise and in addition the sound quality from the attached device is very poor. it works but is not worth listening to unless one has to.  as limited as the fm transmitters are they have significantly better sound quality.  i'd return this except it would cost more to ship than it is worth.
my moms car couldn't have an upgraded radio (freaking saabs...) but one of the two positions didn't work. still worked for her though.
great for the price.  sound quality is not what it should be, i think, but my kids love it.  i like the idea and am going to buy one for my car, but a different brand to see if there is a difference in sound.
i was worried about having problems with the auto reverse, but it worked the very first time in my '05 audi a4 with factory stereo. the sound quality isn't cd level, but then again its better than my old fm transmitter.
i tried using it with my sansa clip mp3 player in my toyota mr2. the car makes a lot of noise in any case, so i'm not holding out for audio lab quality. however, the product made a quite audible (at low automobile speeds) click-click-click. i might have been able to tolerate that. however, there was also an electronic whistle increasing in frequency with the rpm of the engine. the whistle interfered excessively with the intended sound from the player. the volume of the coby ca-747 was ok. i hadn't thought that would be an issue until i bought a comparable maxell cassette adapter at long's to replace the coby ca-747. the volume with the maxell product was very weak, and i had to turn it way up. the maxell didn't go click-click-click, but it whistled, too. so both the maxell and the coby get 1 star from me. i'm trying out the offering from philips next...
purchased this to try out in the workplace. don't have access to a decent sound system, so wanted to be able to pipe some mp3s through the clunky boom boxes that are available, without having to lug around a cd case. i was very pleased to find the sound quality is excellent. playing mp3s from a phone or player sounds more clear and louder than if i were to tune in a radio station. this model had some of the best reviews on the site, and it appears to be a good unit so far. i had to go with 5 stars because you can't beat the price for something that works this well.**update** it has been about a couple of months so i thought i should add that this unit has worked out great so far. it gets many hours of use and delivers very clean sound. i couldn't be happier with this purchase.
i have been using this coby ca-747 cassette adapter for more than 2 years to use my car stereo to play audio of my dvd-player and cd-player. until lately, my car tape player kept rejecting it out. i thought it was broken and i was about to buy this same product from amaonz again. while reading some other people's reviews, i bump into r. penny's feedback on 10/26/05 about the "skip" mode as following:"one thing to keep in mind when using any product like this - some (but not all) car tape players have a "skip" mode. when a tape player's "skip" mode is active, it listens for silent portions of the tape. if it is detects any silence for more than a few seconds, it will automatically go into fast forward until it "hears" sound again. if your tape player has a "skip" mode, be sure to cancel this mode - i.e., put the player in "normal" play mode. otherwise, you will find the tape player trying to "fast forward" over any silent portions of your audio feed."this is exactly the problem that i was having. by turning off the "skip" mode of the car tape player, my car tape player does not reject the coby cassette adapter anymore.again, even if it is indeed broken, i will buy the same product again. very good product for the money.
i bought this cassette adapter to replace my old one who's cord got ripped in half when stuck in my door. i get better sound out of this one than i did from my other one that i originally bought for more than twice the price.the best part of this cassette adapter is that the cord is coiled, and can be stretched to be super long (probably at least 8 feet although i have not checked) yet when no tension is applied (during normal use or storage) the cord is only about 3 feet long. this keeps it from getting stuck in things like car doors or wrapped around steering wheels or getting all tangled which my old adapter did.i am very pleasantly surprised at this adapter. i more than got my money's worth out of it.
works great in my 2002 honda accord!  other adapters have either gimped the frequency range or only come out of one speaker.
just for kicks i did a "local order" at 2am monday morning because it said the package would still arrive on monday. i didn't believe it, so i figured, "i'll pay for that and when it doesn't arrive on time i'll get my money back for the shipping cost" (i mean come on, it was 300 miles south of me!!).  only 12 hours later the package had come 300 miles onto my doorstep.  that my friends is dedication to one's time commitment. wow.as far as the product goes i love it! the plug is the stretchy spiral type so it doesn't hang around getting tangled on my feet while i'm driving.  it was way better than that last stupid cheap one i bought at best buy that the cord wore out on after 2 months.  the sound quality is really not bad once you learn how to adjust the volumes properly. everything you should expect from a cassette adapter.in order to get the volumes adjusted for optimal sound quality (without that white noise the tape players give off), adjust your phone or other mobile music device to 75% volume and keep it there while plugged in.  from this point just use your car's volume to amplify the volume.good luck!
this item doestn work on 2001 chevy suburban.i tried too many things to get it work but no chances anyways dual position thing is good for using with different players.
i have a cassette player in my car and wanted to be able to plug my mp3 player into it. this adapter looks like a cassette with a wire coming out of the end. it slides into my car player and when i plug it up to my mp3 player, it plays through the system with no problem. i have not had any trouble from it yet as others have written about. i went on a trip 2 weeks ago and used it for several hours. it worked great.  the wire can be changed to come out of the side or the back, depending on which way your auto player is oriented.
i opened it and didn't see where the springs were.. if anybody can take a pic or describe it i will love u so much. good product but i was getting the reel error on my tape display in my ford expedition. it makes my blackberry phone sounds great. dislike the radio so please help me.
omg , if u have a tape deck and need aux use this product , it's not exspensive and sounds great and works with mp3 , cd players , phones . its got awsome sound !!! way better than a fm transmitter !!!!!
i was using an fm modulator, but didn't like that with my iphone, it would create feedback in the car speakers, so i decided to switch over to a cassette adapter. this one works fantastic for the price. sound quality is fine, about what you would expect from a cassette tape. the cord can be adjusted to travel from the adapter horizontally or vertically, which is great depending on your tape deck.the only negative i found was that after a few weeks of use, it stopped working properly. my car's tape deck is an auto-reverse deck, and i have no idea why it worked perfectly for weeks, then shut down on me and stopped, but if you look at j cristofferson's review, there are tons of comments on how to fix this. i used these instructions to open the cassette (carefully, lifting the two screw side so as not to lose all the pieces), and removed the tape reverse assembly. then, as stated in that review, remove the metal screw that holds in the white gear without the black band around it, putting the screw and spring back on without that single gear. put everyhting back together, and like magic, the cassette works perfectly now, even in my auto-reverse deck.i only wish that it came designed to do this without modifying it, but trust me, opening up the tape and fixing this is so simple. takes about 5 minutes, and i have no experience with this kind of thing whatsoever, so if i can do it, you can do it!
pros:- love the adjustable dual position for the cord. most players you need to insert the cassette sideways, but i had some players before that you need to insert the cassette lengthwise. you will never go wrong with this adapter as you can feed it to your cassette player both ways.- does not look cheap. it looks more decent than other cassette adapters i have that costs 20$- the coiled cord is great and much less clutter.  i had a cassette adapter that has a cord that was too long, it got caught under the seat and the only way to remove it is to cut it.- sounds good too with my ipod.cons:- the only thing i can think of is it still makes noticeable clicking sound while in the cassette.bought this item twice already.
we have a 93 mercedes which has a tape player that is oriented to take the tape width ways. this unit can have the input cable changed to accomodate this type of side loading tape. sound quality is great. i did not have to modify the unit like some of the other purchasers have mentioned. sometimes the adjustable input cable connector gets loose and just needs to be plugged in tightly.
very disspointed not getting a coby cassette tape because it did not work in my car :/ i need my music
seems great at first. but sound is kind of shaky, almost like the magnetic head is not making good contact. also it has a bad habit of locking up the wheels and it makes the radio think it's hit the end of the tape and will auto reverse only to find it locked again and then reverse again. it'll get stuck in this infinite loop. you have to take it out, smack it a few times to free up the wheels and then put it back in. oh and that plug for the cable on the tape is loose as hell. pull on your device too quickly and it'll put the plug right out of the tape while its still in the deck.
my car had to get used to it as it is old but after a few try's haven't had any issues with it since and it just plays the music on and on now but i will note it doesn't sound beautiful might be my cars speakers though not sure.
i would agree with the majority of the reviews. i purchased this for my car. i don't have the mp3 connection but do have a tape deck. and i wasn't thrilled with the quality of sound with the fm tuners (my brother has one for his car). there is a little bit of a clicking sound that appears once it starts playing, but with road nose and the general nose of the car, it is a non-issue...can't even hear it. the quality of the sound is not as good as if having a direct mp3 connection, but i consider it very good...(not sure it's even fair to compare). i use this primarily for audio books, and i am very happy with my purchase. i have not had to try the fix that some of the other reviewers had (something about needing to take out a pin on the inside of the cassette).i would definitely recommend!
i fixed the issues, for the time being.  i turned down the bass on my stereo.  i also made the default volume 75% on my phone.  this is the combination that worked for me.  i also left the casette in.  i figured if there was dust and other stuff in there, then i would have to let it settle.  the burn in period was about 3 days.  afterwards it was amazing, the sound clarity improved so much. so don't give up, try these things. you may need to clear the dust from inside your tape player, i'm sure that may be the cause of many issues.fix eject issue:[...]
but will keep this short and sweet -cord contains lead and must be handled regularly in a car where there is nowhere to clean your hands after touching the thing.sound quality quickly goes downhill with crackling evident after only 5 uses.now stuck in my dashboard player because the modular adapter broke off and the cassette will not fully eject. i am sure the husband will be griping the entire time he tries to get it unstuck.avoid at all costs!i scanned past the negative reviews since this product had a few really positive reviews with a lot of helpful votes. big mistake as now i have to unstick the adapter from my cassette player and try to get amazon to take it back. (i bought 2 on clearance)
my car doesn't have an ipod connector so i bought this product. i have been using this for over a year now and i am very happy with it. this works amazingly well.
these things are just a confidence trick. they don't do a thing. they can't do a thing. if you believe these make your phone work better then you probably find the stripes down the side of cars make them go faster too.
come on amazon, i can't really believe you are selling this under your own name!
this thing is a waste of paper, it doesn't give u any better reception. this is a total rip off in my book :-(
i would like to say that this is not cheap junk, but it did nothing at all for my cell reception.on the other hand i have an iphone with at&t;, so it could be that combination doesn't work with it.it appears it worked for a few people with a different phone, so i am going to be generous and give it 2 stars, taking into account it could have been my unit.;-)
i gave it 3 stars because i was generously sent a bunch of these on only one order.  otherwise i am not so sure that these work very well.  i have tried on 2 phones and the results have been inconclusive.
want to try one? they sell these at the dollar stores. it does nothing to improve your signal.
i set my phone down on my computer desk for 10 minutes and i checked the signal strength on my droid x and it read -87 dbm. after putting the universal cell phone antenna booster on the inside of my batter cover i set my phone in the exact same spot for 10 minutes and it read -83 dbm (closer the number to zero the better the reception). so i guess it works a little bit. check out the picture i posted of the signal strength before and after.
do not use this though if your phone is still under warranty cuz us cellular said it voided my warranty, but us cellular is the worst cell phone carrier out there. i should not have even needed this with a brand new samsung galaxy s3 but i did...the instructions could have been a little better is my only complaint
i've always had one of these on my phone. had to get a new phone while on vacation and the service at my rental was terrible!!! slapped one of these on and, i don't know if it's the power of suggestion, but my new phone works soooo much better!!!! love these things! recommend!!!
didn't work, it did not work at all. i have a dead spot when i drive to work, where i totally lose the signal. this device did not help at all. do not waste your money on it. even for less than $2.00, its not worth anything.
i bought tis booster for my phone because i needed better recepion, i tryed it and it made my phone come in a little better i would buy is product again, if fact i bought one for the whole family.
i cant say it works because i tryit for a long time on my iphone and it didnt made a difference at all...
it helped me get improved signal strength for cellular (phone) communications, but does nothing to improve my android phone's 3g data signal or wifi data signal. i didn't expect it to and i don't think it's design to improve 3g/wifi so if that's what you're hoping for, forget it. if you want more bars... this works very well.
order this product just to find out if it does work..and sure enough i was surprise that i get more bars reception  in my cell than i had before and the price is right.
i purchased this for my sisters phone. she continually has calls dropped, so i got her this signal booster, and it hasn't made a bit of difference. i bought these before for my previous cell phones, and they really seemed to help. but apparently not so much anymore.
its simply awesome. what else to say?
contrary to what this site and t-mobile lead me to believe, t-mobile could not provide coverage at my home address.  this did not stop amazon.com from selling me the phone, nor t-mobile from transferring my existing (working) at&amp;t number to their service (of course, this took two weeks and &gt; 10 phone calls).after receiving no reception, i called t-mobile and was informed that they do not actually cover my area.i called at&amp;t back, and they happily attempted to restore my account, only to find that t-mobile refused to release the numbers.after a month of essentially no coverage from anyone, my phones are happily back on at&amp;t where they belong.the bad news is that t-mobile has sent me a bill for more than double the quoted monthly rate and amazon.com has not refunded my purchase price.even in areas where i could get coverage, the phone itself did not work well.  after pressing more than a few keys, the screen would lock up and i needed to remove the battery to reset it.last warning:  watch out for the charges for inbound messages--if you really dislike a t-mobile subscriber, send them lots of text messages (free from their site)--the subscriber has to pay $0.05/message.
i've had my t610 for about 3 months now and i'm still in love with it.  i highly recommend getting a bluetooth adapter for your computer to take advantage of customizing this baby.  i've downloaded midi files, games and photos off the web and copied them to the t610 for free!  no sms charges or web site fees.  it's everything i wanted in a new cell phone.  camera, color display, fully customizable.  it's great.  battery life is still good.  standby about 3 to 4 days, talk about 3 to 5 hours, maybe more.  the down side... color display hard to see in bright daylight (but not impossible), it has frozen on me a few times, mostly with internet.  internal antenna may not be as strong as an external,  but i usually get great reception even with only 1 bar showing (inside bldgs).  highly recommend, might want to look into the t626 or t630 for better color display.  go get it!
overall, i think that it's a safe investment in a mobile phone. one sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly, there's always a race to have the best.right now, this phone is one of the best, without the 300+ pricetag. if you're paying 300 for it, you aren't getting a good deal.clear reception, included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the r225 samsung.great display. only downside is the wiping it off thing. oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface. very clear pictures and nice graphics.i give it a 10 out of 10.
i've had mine for almost two months now and i'm happy with all aspects of this wonderful powerful phone.  will definitely buy another s-e phone again in the future.  i still don't like t-mobile's coverage and especially service support, but this phone is a star.  some may find teh buttons a bit too small, but they are well-spaced so fine for my large hands.  voice clarity is superb for me, and the quality/durability is great.
now that i have used the se t610 phone for almost 2 months with my palm zire 72 and hp ipaq 4155, i must give it 5 stars for the following reasons:1) the camera is great. the pictures come out real clear and beautiful after you send it via email. please don't judge the quality of the pictures by what you see on the t610. i admit that the pictures look a little fuzzy on the t610. but with only 2mb of memory the purpose of taking pictures is to upload them or send them via email to others. the quality of the pictures improves dramatically once they are sent and viewed via one's pc.2) the bluetooth features on this phone are outrageous. i have paired my se t610 using t-mobile's unlimited vpn gprs data service with my palm zire 72, hp ipaq 4155, and logitech mobile wireless bluetooth headset and performance is great. if you got a bluetooth enabled palm or pocket pc, then this is the phone for you. sony ericsson was in on the ground floor on this bluetooth revolution. i send data via my pocket pc and palm to my se t610 via bluetooth in a flash. moreover, web surfing is much faster than i thought via bluetooth.3) i have absolutely no problem with signal strength or clarity of voice calls in nyc where i primarily use this phone. where i go in the boroughs of queens, bronx, manhatten, brooklyn and nassau county (with the exception of garden city) is great.people need to realize that t-mobile does not have the extensive network that verizon or even sprint has. so, if you are looking to buy this phone to use with the t-mobile network, i can enthusiastically recommend it if you live in most of nyc (outside of staten island). however, you need to do your own due diligence and check out in advance whether this phone will perform well with your service provider in the area where you live.
the freaking power cable quit working w/in a few weeks and neither t-mobile nor sony will fix it for less than $20.  sony took my address and said they would, but it never showed up.well the phone is rugged!  it's been 3-4 years and it still works.  it went through the washing machine and half the dryer.  it was submerged in a puddle for 30 minutes-  it keeeps working.the blue tooth syncs w/ my pc and tells me where to go etc.  i buy  a $25 access card every couple of months and avoid the taxes.  it's been a great little phone.
great features - except for the phone one.  seriously - bluetooth, ir, good phone book features, nice color display (though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses).  however, i get much weaker signals (and call quality) on this phone vs. my previous one.  if everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals, you may be just fine - but if you are on the edge, this is not the phone for you, unless you value the non-phone features more than it working as a phone. :)
i just called t-mobile with complaints about my weak battery and told them talk time on the cell phone is 840min according to amazon's specs for the t610 phone. t-mobile told me the talk time is 5 hours (300min). who do you believe? i am tired of liars and money-gobbling b*st*rds!
i've had my t610 + tmobile for about a month now (so no word on the rebates yet) but as for the phone and service... i've been pretty satisfied.  i get pretty good reception everywhere... the phone is small and comfortable and everything seems to work on it without a hitch.  the camera is good enough for a cell phone... and the phone was more pleasing after i got a few new games/themes/ringtones on it via the infrared port.  the phone doesn't have all that much memory but i deleted all the predefined themes/songs/graphics (or at least all the ones it lets you), and that gave me more than enough.  it hasn't frozen on me yet (and mine came with the oldest firmware).  i heard upgrading the firmware resolves freezing issues, increases the quality/compression of the pictures, and overall makes the phone more useable... but i none of these things have affected me like others, so i haven't looked into how to upgrade it.  unfortunately, you cant just update the firmware yourself...  two of my friends also have the same package and are pretty happy with it.  i think most the reviews on here are just people who've had negative experiences...
considering how old the phones that use this type of battery are, i am not surprised that i received a used battery. i am a little mad at the fact that the product listing said these batteries would be new though. the battery i received holds the charge for about a day, which is the same as my old one.disappointing indeed.
good product. quick shipment was provided by the vendor and item was exactly as described. i am very satisfied with this purchase
this is an excellent replacement battery, it fit just fine and the price was amazing. anyone needing to replace that old battery that won't hold a charge should totally look into getting one of these!
the item is working very good. my phone does not have problem with power with this battery and me neither.
if i'd bought this battery where i bought the cell phone, it would've cost much, much more.  i didn't need a new phone - just a new battery - so instead of adding another used cell phone to the trash heap, i've recycled a used battery and kept the phone i really like!  the phone now works like new!
i bought this to try and repair a pos dash cam, even though this battery is great it was not the issue... it fit perfectly and accepted charge as it should.
works great. i've been using this for over a year, seems to hold charge good as oem (it is oem)
bought this for my wife to use with her samsung exclaim. for those that don't know, the device clips to your earlobe after placing the speaker in your ear. she loves being hands free now. if you want to go hands free without going the bluetooth route, get this headset. it will only work in a phone with a 2.5mm jack. most smartphones are 3.5mm (like standard headphones).
i love the compact design and fit of the ear rest. you can barely tell you are wearing this thing. the mic picks up great! using this thing all the time now and keeping spares in the car for when bluetooth gets fussy...
this serves the purpose if you need your hands free.  you get what you pay for, but i don't need to use it very often, so it is compatible with my phone and is easy to use--not much you can mess up!  if you need one that you will use a lot, you may want to buy something more advanced, but this is a good backup and was very inexpensive.
this has to be the cheapest headset i have ever purchased, yet the best small headset ever made. it lasts forever! i only bought it for xbox live but it works great with cell phones too. it says its made by plantronics in the description but the headset itself says verizon on the side so i'm not sure what the deal is with that but i know that it works great. so if you're looking for a nice regular headset for xbox live because the microsoft headsets break all the time or for a cell phone, buy this headset. i went ahead and bought another one before they're sold out. try to buy from oem planet if they got it in stock, they are the best in my opinion.
i don't know, i've always liked high-tech and loved the idea of bluetooth, even though it tends to make one look like a space alien contacting the mother ship or a blathering fool until someone notices the bluetooth unit in your ear.but i've never gotten good reception with bluetooth units or enough batter life. don't get me started on static and wind noise.that's why for the money you can't do better than these wired units. they're lightweight, comfortable, and have ample cord length. i've ordered several, and you'd pay 3 times the price in a bog-box electronics store. do yourself a favor, even if you do own a bluetooth, keep one of these one hand. well worth the price.
overall, it's a great headset for the price. pretty amazing actually. you'll need to get a wired converter to convert the 2.5mm to 3.5mm like this one:headset adapter 3.5mm to 2.5mm audio adapter and converter (black) - non-retail packaging. no biggie.but the curved rubber piece is really stiff and hurts my ear after about 30 minutes or less. sometimes quite painfully.i have a dull voice and this is by far the best headset i have that helps people hear me clearly (i actually have an older version of the same headset, so i have two). no one complains they can't hear me or do they need to turn up their volume. noise cancellation is also pretty good. not as good as my cheap jawbone, but then people usually complain they can't hear me as well on that one. so, stay away from this if you plan to talk on the phone a while or have larger ears. small ears may work just fine. mine are probably about average for males. otherwise, worth the price.
it doesn't fit my phone and now i must return it. what a hassle! that's all i have to say!
i ordered this based on the rave reviews i saw for it.  i am using it with a treo 600 and i can barely hear anything out of the ear piece, even with the spongy covering removed.
as with so many plantronics headsets that i have owned, the problem is with the connector jack, the movement of the wire causes the headset to loose contact with the plug-in jack, which at that point they are ready for the garbage bin. when they are new they work very, very good, excellent sound quality.
it's perfect for those of us who don't have smartphones or a headphone jack. sound quality is excellent and it makes multitasking so much easier. long wire so that you can put your phone in your pocket no problem.
this is actually a lightweight comfortable phone headset.  the problem with it is that when the phone rings and you go to pick it up, it takes a while to attach to your ear.  also, the speaker part is covered by some foam that picks up ear wax and gets dirty extremely quickly - not an item you would want to share with someone.  once you get past these two problems, the sound quality is good, and it is easy to wear.
this didn't work in my phone. it was rather cheap, i ended up giving it away because it was cheaply made!
i got sick of xbox 360 microphones breaking, so i decided to buy this to see if it would work.unfortunately it didn't work that well. i got sound and the microphone worked but i got a lot of feedback and echo. worst of all it was supposed to block outside sound, but it didn't do this at all.i know that it was designed for xbox so i am not going to give it 1 star. i don't have a home phone so i haven't tried it for that.
purchased a total of 3 so far.. 1st one had no sound but seller replaced immediately.. others were purchased to use by co-workers instead of the $50.00 apiece ones they were given from verizon purchase.. stay in ear and work well...
does what it is supposed to and comfortable to wear.  the only downside is there is a slight whooshing sound in the ear piece, may or may not be caused by the phone.
this item is useless.  the plug is far too small to fit my phone, despite the description that this will fit "lg phones".  i own the dare and this doesn't fit.  the dare uses the standard jack while this thing is the 2.5 mm whatever.  who uses such a tiny plug? i've never seen that size on any cell phone!  you get what you pay for.  this item is a joke.
this headset would not stay in my ear no matter how hard i tried.  i like the fact that it is small, that it sounds ok, and that the person on the line could hear me ok (not great) but i could not figure out how to keep it in my ear without holding it, which defeats the purpose of having a headset!! i ordered 4 of them, they were about $3 apiece with shipping, and the first two are buzzy and could not be used.  i would not recommend this product. i went to an over the head headset by jensen, and am very pleased!
it was liked so much that even when it broke the user wanted the same product as a replacement. i ordered 3.
i purchased one of these headsets many years ago and was very happy with it.  well, my husband tried it and decided he needed it since he did a lot of driving for work.  i was very happy to see that these were still available and at a much better price than what i paid way back.i love that i can use these with my cordless phones as well as my cell phone.  i prefer the corded sets, they just seem to have a better sound quality.  i love that this earpiece fits snuggly around your lobe.  i wear glasses and this works out great.  i go between this style and one that wraps around my head, it just depends on which handset i pick up.  highly recommend to anyone who prefers the corded headset.
well, its a easy product, but it is just i hope buy, it arrive on time and the way i waiting but it hurt my ear
more importantly, the point is that the thing that goes in your ear is a cheap, thin little foam pad that will wear out very quickly.  when mine arrived, it was in little pieces all over the inside if the plastic bag they shipped it in.  no box, no packing - not even some cheap bubble wrap and a rubber band, just chucked it into a bag.  i realize it's super cheap but it should last a month.  is there we are at now?  i wish amazon would be... at all selective on what they offer for sale.
not too sure how to make it stay put, but it seems to work well.  i purchased this headset for my mother and she has not complained about it yet!
sound was fine through the headset, however the mic did not work at all.waste of money and not worth returning.
the earpiece is stamped "verizon" and is of different finish than pictured. there was no packing slip enclosed but the usps envelope in came in showed, "accstop" in oxnard, ca. for $2.47, i guess it doesn't matter but still, not the item pictured.  it also came in a little plastic baggie - it was represented as new.cannot try it as the 3.5mm adapter hasn't arrived from the other item in the earpiece set purchase.
i have purchased 4 different jabra headsets, because they are the most comfortable and easy to hear with, but they have poor microphone quality. i thought i would try this model, the mx150 flexible boom. again, sound quality was crap. i make a living on the phone, so others being able to hear me is very important.i have ended up getting a ge tl26593 earset microphone by jasco which has worked the best so far.
i've bought about 20 of these things by now, and shared them with many friends & family, who rave about them.  it's comfortable and fits in your ear, and the sound quality (especially the noise cancellation on the mic) is *stellar* - you can be driving down a noisy freeway and the person listening to you will *never* know you're in the car.i tried several bluetooth headsets and was thoroughly unimpressed: you have to charge them, they add latency, they add extra compression artifacts, and the audio clips in and out on you.this headset has the disadvantage of having a wire, but it's also about 1/20th the price of a bluetooth headset, and won't give you cancer.  (ever since i got a large benign osteoma in my skull after, suspiciously, 6 months of very heavy cell phone use, i'm a bit paranoid about cell phone radiation).the jack is the smaller size (2.5 mm), which is unfortunate, as most smartphones these days are 3.5mm (so you can plug in a headset or just headphones).  so, once i got a smartphone, i ended up buying half a dozen adapters, because i love this headset so much.
i got a pair of plantronics-branded headsets in verizon oem packaging (plastic bag), each coming with a "universal" adapter (micro-usb male to 2.5mm female). the price was substantially the same (per unit). but there is a small issue--there are two sets of pictures on this product that represent two different units. the two on the right, with the plastic bag that is clearly labeled mx150xxxx are identical to what i have. note the obvious button showing through the plastic (this one mutes, turns off the call or voice-dials on my blackberry, but it may do other things on other models). however, the other photos show the same headset, but without the control button--not a different button, but nothing at all! this made me wonder what is being sold as mx150. the other issue is color. it's not clear if you get the black or a gray one or even if there is a choice. from the photo, one would assume that this dealer supply the gray ones, but i am not so sure. this is not exactly an item one buys for style points (it's compact, but looks bulky on the face), so it's a minor point, but it would be good to have some clarity.but, as far as the product itself goes, it's perfectly functional for the purpose--cheap branded headset (for me, specifically to complement a bt set, which this one replaces when charge runs out). i've had a number of cheap or free headsets (often even enclosed with a phone) and virtually all of them have awful raspy and tinny sound. that's not what i want in a headset, even for $3. but i needed an emergency headset and this one fit the bill. the sound quality is far superior to no-name headsets--on both ends. it's better than an average sony/ericsson handset--i always add a headset to those when using them since sony deliberately puts crappy speakers into ericsson phones to make you buy their headsets. when traveling through ny or de or any other state that requires no-hands on the phone, it is essential to be quickly disconnect and replace a discharged bt headset. i have no qualms about using this one.update (9 months later): i got another of these sets for a friend but, although it fit, the phone rejected it as not compatible. it was a cheap att/nokia handset to replace a lost phone so i am not surprised about compatibility issues. but that also meant that i got an extra set. about a month ago, one of the sets died when the phone got yanked too hard (probably a loose contact). at less than $2 each, i had no problem tossing it and pulling out the next one (and i still have two more left, having spent a total of $6, including shipping). so, aside from nokia compatibility, still no complaints.
the ony draw back to this product is that it is corded. if they could make the same product wireless it would be exceptional. i love it, has great sound, cofortable in my ear and it plays the different ringtones i have for callers so i can know whos callings.
bought this as a gift. didnt get much feedback from the giftee. but i';m sure its working fine. price was good, not much else to comment on.
i have an old style flip phone which uses 2.5mm plugs. this works well by being clipped to my ear and i can use it to chat hands free.
no problems connecting to my pre-existing phone at work.  ear loops not the most comfortable so i have ordered the behind the head neckband (plantronics 64397-01 neckband for cs50/m3000) (waiting for delivery).  highly recommended headset regardless!
like most people i have owned multiple styles of headsets and had varying degrees of success with them.  this plantronics cs50 is simply the best unit i have ever used.  the unit worked my desktop phone answering system in my office.  i was on the phone every day and for 6 hours or more on a rough day.i got tired of holding a phone to my ear in the office for hours and being 50 feet away from my desk and missing the important call i was waiting for. this device solved both problems.  the headset unit gives you call answer and end control with your fingertips as well as volume and mute control.  it gave me remote ring detection and allowed me to be up to 300 feet away from my desk and catch that important call.  it would operate for up to 8 hours but it has a desktop control stand that charged the headset while i am in a meeting or at lunch.i used the plantronics hl 10 handset lifter and by touching the button on the headset i could answer the phone remotely with ease.  the sound going both ways was excellent and i never had an issue with the unit.  other designs i had tried were not always clear and people would complain that they could not hear me.  not with this unit.  the noise cancelling mike and the cushioned ear piece made for excellent communication and comfortable wearing for long hours during the day.the unit has a fast recharge time in about 3 hours for 100 % full charge from empty.  the headset is extremely light and comfortable and the phone transmission is digitally encrypted for security and privacy.  this is the first tool i would buy if i were setting up a new office today.  it is great!
very clear transmission of calls both incoming and outgoing.  easy integration with current phone system. i would buy again if needed.
i took one start off, because i think that these headsets should be ~100 or less for what we are getting, and this one was the best deal that i could find! the plastic housing on the charger unit could be sturdier f they are going to charge consumers these prices for must haves items like this.that being said, this is my first day using it and i have a 12 hour conference call at work, so i may edit my review later. i am impressed so far. the setup was super easy. i plugged it into my voip phone and away i went! there was something in the description about &#34;usb,&#34; but this unit is hooks up to the phones headset port via a regular old telephone jacks input. there is not usb on this model. the company does make a usb model, but this is not it. i called amazon to confirm that before i ordered it and the rep looked it up for me, he was very helpful.i am using the mute feature now, and i like how it beeps every so often to remind me that i am muted. i can go about my business here without the person on the other end hearing everything that i do, but i can still hear what is being said on the other end.overall i would say if you are on the phone all day, or work from home like i do, get one!
i purchased five wireless headsets around the same time for my office workers.  one tried to get it to work, and finally gave up.  she kept getting a feedback sound in the headset even when not on a call.  i dont know if it was something in the walls making it have feedback, but we couldnt get the problem to stop so she went back to a wired headset.i have been using the headset she had problems with, and i constantly have that annoying pulsing feedback.one of the five just quit working this week.problems with 2 out of 5 headsets seems like pretty poor odds to me.i will try a different kind next time...if there is a next time.
mine died and i needed a new one. works perfect just like my old one. good product would recommend to anyone.
i've had this headset for many years (at least 5+, but i can't remember exactly when i got it).  i am giving it 4 stars for:-simple set up-great sound quality-solid talk and standby time-comfortable, with a variety of wearing options-durability (still serves its purpose after 5+ years)i am taking away 1 star for 2 reasons:-over the course of several years, the charger has gotten finicky.  if i don't place the headset in just right, and jiggle it a little to make sure it has a good connection, it doesn't charge.  not a tremeendous problem except for those rare occassions when i forget to double check when i put it in the charger, and i end up with a dead headset.-there is a very noticeable buzz in the line if you use the phone handset, which means you must use the headset.  i've looked at set up, but there is really only one way to connect the wires, so i don't believe there is way to avoid this.  the simple solution is to just always use the headset, which is fine, but......on those occassions where the headset is dead (see above), you're left with no great option.  when that happens, i end up having to use the speakerphone on my phone until the headset is charged again.  not a really big deal, but then i get people asking "talk me off speaker phone", and i have to explain to them that i can't.since this model is older, the 2 negatives above may have been fixed in more recent models.  since this unit is still for sale, and apparently people are still buying it, i though i would just write this quick review.one thing to keep in mind.....know what you are getting with this.  if you have a typical desk phone, then you will need to physically lift the handset to answer calls, and physically lower the handset to end calls.  you can get a remote lifter that does the lifting for you, but i've never had one, so i can't comment on them.  i've heard mixed reviews about the remote lifters, but do your own research.  regardless, just know that for a typical desk phone (i.e. one that is used in a home office, with the phone line going into the phone),  you can't just tap to talk or tap to end the call.  somebody or something has to raise and lower the handset.  if you have a "soft phone" (calls over the inernet), or are in an office environment with a pbx type system, i can't comment.  my experience is stictly in a home office environment.
i bought this for my son and this is what he has to say: &#34;this is a great case and held my phone waterproof on a whole cold weekend trip. my whole pack got wet and this case kept my phone dry. i would recommend this to anyone who needs  tough waterproof case.&#34;
i got this otterbox to hold my valuables at the pool this summer.  it is the perfect size for what i need and it is completely waterproof and crush proof.  i put some paper inside of it and held it under water and it was dry as a bone.  then i had my 100 pound son stand on it and then me at nearly 200 pounds and it did not crack.
very durable, water tight, use this in my backpack to keep medical supplies dry, the clamps hold tight with a solid click when shut
this case works great! my wife and i are taking up kayaking and we needed some way to protect our phones. i have a samsung galaxy s2, she has a blackberry bold 9000. we each put our phones in our cases and immediately plunged them into the water to test to make sure they didn't leak. they worked perfectly! my wife even flipped her kayak and that was the true test, we righted it and checked the phone, dry as can be.i recommend these, i do wish there was some padding these came with as the phones do bang around inside a bit. i'll put my own inside, but for the price i think they could have included something.
the product is okay but could be better. the first problem i had was one of the latches came off immediately upon receipt of the item while trying to open it for the first time. one is easy to open but the other sticks so it requires some extra force to open. the latches are apparently designed to be removable so i was able to just slide it back in place but since it is so hard to unlatch i have pulled it totally off on three occasions now. i could just glue it in place but the fact that it is removable makes me wonder if the manufacturer is planning on it breaking eventually. why else would it be designed so it can be easily removed?the second problem i had came after flying with it. there is no pressure release valve on it and after getting to my hotel i attempted to open this case and could not. i had to use a pocket knife to pry it open which is fine when i am on the ground but not so fine when i am on a plane where i am not allowed to have a knife. upon returning home after another flight i was able to get the case open without my knife but it was not very easy. since i bought it to keep some battery backups in for long flights it i don't think it will work for my needs.edited to add: so far i have not had any issues opening the box while on a plane. i still have problems after i land as sometimes it need to be pried open but at least while in the air it opens fine. i am still using it but be aware that if you fly with it you may need a tool to pry it open after landing.
i have one of these filled with charging cables (both dock and lightning) for iphones and ipads, car chargers, wall chargers and everything needed to power our mobile devices while traveling... conveniently placed and easy to grab if we're going anywhere, knowing all the while that we don't have to worry about forgetting anything or cannibalizing our cables from around the house. keeps everything safe, secure and dry.
this phone is amazingly small and light for a camera phone; it even has a flashlight/flash. problems the phone has that i find to be a real problem: 1. the battery life is the worst of any phone i've ever owned. it may last 2 to 3 days in stand by if i don't use it at all; if i use the phone at all, even just 10 minutes, no more than one day on a full charge. 2. no voice activated dialing. i like to use a speaker type hands free kit in the car so i don't have to look at the phone to answer, talk or dial. i think all phones should have it. 3. it is not very user friendly. the menus are not logical and are confusing. 4. it has an ir but it doesn't sync with your computer. you can't transfer anything. i don't get why they even have it. they have software and cable you can purchase that will let you backup the phone numbers you enter and photos you take, but (5) no syncing with outlook, your pda or anything else. 6. if you buy ring tones or wallpaper, you can't back those up.i do love the phone for its size, weight and even the color, i find it easy to hold and talk with. the sound isn't the best, but it isn't bad either. it rings nice and loud and putting it on vibrate is easy. i can't put the phone in a standard cell phone holder for the car because the camera button is on the side and it's a long key, the holder makes the camera come on. i had to get a small holder that only grabs in one small area on each side. i've had to purchased 3 additional batteries and every kind of charger available because the average use of a battery is 15 hours (regular phone use for me is: about 10 minutes a day, use the &quot;t-zones&quot; for a minute or two once a month, in 6 months i've taken a total of 9 photos, and transferred data twice). the battery lasted 3 days once, when i was home sick and didn't use the phone and one 24 hour day i had to replace the battery three times as they completely discharged. i'm use to a battery lasting 5 to 8 days (like this phone says it will last).i also like t-mobile. their customer service is really good, the features they offer on their web site are great, the prices for wireless modem and wireless web are incredibility great and the national calling price plans are very good compared to what i?ve seen elsewhere. i was with at&amp;t since they bought out l.a. cellular. the customer service was great for years, but got so bad i?d wait on hold for hours and couldn?t get through to a person for days.
i don't want to rehash all of the stuff that's already been said about this phone. here's something that nobody told me before i bought it: you cannot use the infrared port on this phone to transfer data to and from it using a pc. you can use the infrared on the phone as a wireless modem for internet connectivity (this works for me) but the easygprs software provided to manage phone entries etc. does not work with infrared. i've checked out all of the online support forums for this phone and i have not heard from anyone who has actually done this. when i called tech support they suggest that i buy their data cable (read: shell out another $70) for that purpose. it is very misleading to show this phone as being ir equipped while its use is crippled.btw, i gave this phone 4 stars because it is still a sleek looking great phone.
this phone is ugly and heavy and has a terrible user interface even for techies like myself.  it also drops calls like crazy here in manhattan.  the moto v600 is a much better phone, takes better pictures, gives you better clarity and reception, is smaller, and is much, much cheaper.  get the moto v600 if you want t-mobile.  stay away from this ugly monster.
..and i'm from europe, where the phones and networks are much better than in the states. i have to say that i think samsung currently have the best software (and i used to be a huge nokia fan). amazingly light, very intuitive, great audio, and just looks great. i recommend this without any reservations whatsoever.
i had the samsung v205 and then i decided to try the e715 out. fyi to people with battery problems, with these kind of batteries, you must let it drain completely and then charge it.. kind of like building up your battery life and doing this a few times, it will improve your battery life immensely. i've been a t-mobile customer for a while now and i stay with them because: 1) they are now no. 1 in customer service, 2) great rate plans, 3) it works great where i need it the most!now the additional features that the v205 didn't have that this little gadget has is:1) caller id pics.. although you won't be able to see it on the external display, when you flip it open, you'll see that person's face.2) the camera now has a flash as well as a zoom. and with that, it is able to take pictures in gray (black and white), negative, sepia, and sketch. also, you can do multi-shot with this as well as put lots of different kind of frames to your pictures.3)you can download games with the e715 whereas you cannot do so with the v205. furthermore, the games are actually java with e7154) the flash can also serve as a flashlight. which is quite useful sometimes when you don't know where you're walking and the light is pretty bright.5) voice memo.. nuf saidotherwise, it has the usual features. it has an alarm, calculator, calendar, to do list, mms, sms, you can download ringtones (which is a big help since some of the ringtones sound pretty crappy), as well as games and pictures. pretty much all the usual stuff is in this phone.. except you won't find bluetooth on this.another thing is that the external display is like a blue-green thing against a black background.. which is pretty cool since you won't have to press a button just to see the time... it's always lit up so you can see it well. also, the pictures that you can take by lookin at the external display will be a bluish-green color but when it's saved, and you look at it, it's in full color so no worries there.overall, i have enjoyed this phone and no problems with it really. another great thing is that it doesn't have an annoying external antenna to get in the way so it's a good buy.
i recently moved to phoenix, arizona, and thought it a good time to get a new mobile phone.  a friend recommended nextel, saying we'd use the direct connect function.  cool.  so i ordered an i730 from amazon.  after charging and activating and waiting the required day, i called to get my phone number.  it was a palo alto, ca, number!?  that's over 700 miles away!  an 11 hour drive to the next state.  no way close to a local number.  nextel did not seem to understand or care.  &quot;it's the closest we have.&quot;  &quot;there are no 602 area code phone numbers left.&quot;  i begged for maybe a 480 number or anything that is a local call from here in phoenix.  nothing doing.  after a few more days and a few more calls to nextel that went nowhere, i called sprint (who have not been customer service stars to me in the past) and within four minutes had a local 602 phoenix number working on my current sprint phone.  i canceled the nextel service.  they are charging me $35 (expected) plus $11.53 in taxes, fees and assessments &quot;we can't change&quot; for a couple of days when all i called was customer service.if you buy the phone, i hope nextel has a local area code for you, because if they don't you are stuck for $46.53 and an amazon return.  it was a pretty color screen though . . .
and it was pretty much worth it (if you sign the plan and get the phone for $250). otherwise it is a little pricey. the gain was enough to make me feel good about buying it though, and my plan was up anyway so no remorse there. it's difficult to tell from this picture if your i95 is any bigger - but it is less bulky. the features are the same but a little better. and of course gps is nize.
i've glanced at a few reviews and looked at the overall review for this phone, and think it's a little underrated.  i've had a couple weeks to try out mine, and the battery life with my usage is 3-4 days, and i use the phone for short calls about 5 times a day.  the phone doesn't squeak when squeezed, and all of the construction is tight (even the flip screen doesn't wiggle much).  i saw a few complaints about the weight of the phone, and even a complaint about the metal battery panel.  it's called quality, sometimes quality weighs a little, and if the phone makes your pants fall down when it's hooked onto your jeans, buy a belt.  the phone employs java applications, so you can download programs to fit your needs from nextel, at a cost.  you can also get them from third party sites, also ringtones, wallpaper, etc.  the phone uses gps, can locate your approximate position for free, with software it can give you directions from one location to another for free (navigational software), called telenav.  the quality of the speakers and microphones on this phone is great.  the speakers can be loud enough to hear in different rooms of the house, or quiet enough you can barely hear them.  the sound is crisp, even on direct connect.  also, an answer to the slams against nextel itself, don't listen to it.  the only problem is their tech support does not operate 24/7,  other than that their customer service is as good as any service based organization i've ever worked with.  this phone is full featured, it isn't exactly a pda phone, but it's software capability and 65k color screen make it perform many of the same functions as a pda.  great phone, if nextel services your area, you won't be disappointed.
other than the high initial cost (i got it before they put in a promotion, duh), i really love this compact and stylish phone.  it's the best nextel has offered yet, although there's rumor that a camera phone is coming out soon.  if you can wait, wait a bit longer, otherwise for walkie-talkie style cellular, nextel is the best.  no delays like with verizon (up to 30 seconds!) or sprint (10 secs).  walkie-talkie that actually works where there's coverage.  i'm a happy customer.
i don't own this phone. i own the cheaper motorola (nextel) i710. i have many friends who own this phone though, although a few of them have since "downgraded" to the i710.the main reason i chose the i710 over this i730 was signal strength. the i710 consistently gets better signal the the i730 no matter which of my friends phones i compare it too. all my friends are on the same wireless plan from nextel as i am, so i know its not service, it is definitely the phones.i can have full bars on my phone (5 including the little antennae icon) and my friends phone held right next to mine will have 2 or 3 bars. my phone gets signal in places their phones are "out of service."now you might say that maybe my friend just has a dud phone. well i have 4 friends who have the i730, 5 friends with the i710 and one with the i860, all from nextel, and the i710's always have better signal compared to the i730's. the i860 gets as good a signal as the i710 (but its significantly more expensive too).i am not sure why two phones based on the same hardware and software have such drastic differences in signal. the only thing i can think of is some hardware added to give the i730 an external screen somehow interferes with the antennae hardware somehow.other than signal strength compared to the cheaper and basically identical (except for external screen) i710, the i730 is a pretty good phone. lots of features, solid and durable construction and good battery life. for me signal was more important that a silver case an an external screen but if you like those things the i730 is a decent phone to use.
i have to say that this is a great phone and the nextel service is great also.as for the review from the moron from denver you need to have used it and the service before you open your mouth and make a fool of your self.people that review something and not have a clue just goes to show that stupid people should not breed.i have had the i90c,i95cl and the i730 and the 730 is great as for a alarm buy a clock if you need a alarm.the screen is a little smaller but the brilliant color makes up for it,the sound is as good as the other phones i have had.as for service i have had every carrier that is in the state of colorado and nextel is the best and for any one who is thinking of verizon for push to talk well it sould be push to wait.if you want the best this phone and service is the best.
i will not hash over the things that many other wrote in their reviews, but mainly will focus on the problems that i've had with this phone over the course of 1 year that i've had it.1) battery life is not nearly as good as advertised - lasts about 8 hours - but i admit to be using the phone often and need to swap batteries (have an extra one in the charger) because the wire charger would not charge the phone! (another story altogether) however, my cranky old samsung (a generation prior to e415) used to last 2 full days on an extended battery with same or greater amt of use.2) familiar problem - phone's earpiece is too quiet.3) software's pure crap - the phonebook is not only not intuitive, it would save phone numbers under different people's names! no, not my mistake - checked this several times, and then spoke to a sales rep who said that this does indeed occur with this phone.4) poor reception - the said samsung had a much better reception in buildings. and it wasn't sprint service either - t-mobile and sprint are equivalently bad.5) setup - very panful to readjust setup options/ringers.overall, i don't like this phone at all. very poor fundamentals - but it looks cool and has a (very useless, but still cool) camera.and, judging by motorolas of my friends (nextel models aside), i don't think i want to own another motorola product. when's the new treo coming out again...?
a phone which has got lots of very useful features and functions.pros:very good reception. works great inside buildings.clear beautiful color screen and camera. one of the best out therecons:the buttons are kind of small and needs getting used to.little bulky if you compare it to a samsung flip phones. but does things better than the samsung.
the front screen went out on my s105 and t-mobile wanted me to buy another phone since my warrenty was up.  from the deal i'm seeing on here, i wish i could have just canceled and got a new account, but thats too much effort.... anywho, my choices boiled down to getting the e105 or this v300.  i chose the v300 b/c of the extra gadgets (mainly the camera and speakerphone) even thought the rep said samsung users have a hard time getting used to the motorola os.she was wrong!  navigation of this phone was a breath of fresh air!  i will say i preferred how the phone book was layed out better in the s105, but everything else is easier to use on this phone and the t-zones is so much more functional!  i'm going to have to upgrade my plan to allow more internet usage! there also seems to be a much better seleciton of 3rd party applications and games for this phone which makes for better usability imho.reception is the same as far as i can tell between the two (meaning signal strength).  clarity is a tad better in the s105, but nothing worth chosing that over this.  if there is even the slightest background noise, they sound the same.  the s105 and this are almost identical in size, but the e105 was smaller... not a bid deal to me.bottom line: if you are a prude about clarity and size, go with e105.  if you want more from a phone than just making calls, get the v300 (or higher).
i've been using this phone for a few months now and have had a chance to use most of the features.  most of them are pretty standard to cell phones these days, but a few things are worth commenting on:-great speakerphone.  very loud and clear sounding, both ways.-decent battery life.  almost lasts a week with minimal usage; 2 days with heavier use.-battery meter is very inaccurate below 1/2 charge.  seems chronic with motorola phones.-nice, clear display.  a bit hard to see in the brightest sunlight, but other than that, no problems.-camera is of average quality at best.  takes okay pictures for a new wallpaper, but that's about it.-serious annoyance: one of the side buttons that remain exposed when the phone is closed controls the type of ring/vibrate.  it's very loud if you don't already have the phone on silent/vibrate only.  basically, to quickly change to phone from a loud ring to silent--say in a theater--you have to make a loud noise.  very short sighted.  and since the button is exposed even with the phone closed, you end up hitting it by accident quite a bit.overall, i'm pretty happy with the phone.  i could've chosen a smaller phone with a better camera, but not with a speakerphone, or with speakerphone, but not at this price.  (...)  can't beat it on value.
first a quick confession: i do not like t-mobile.  i had them before and hated their (lack of) coverage and bad service.that said, the v300 is a very good phone.  i won't rehash the long feature list here.  what i really like (after playing with a friend's) is the loud ringtones, the good reception (despite the lack of gsm coverage in brooklyn), and the great styling.  this phone is not made by motorola per se but by their asian partner, maybe that explains the &quot;girlish&quot; styling, but it's still pretty cool.  of course, the light weight and good battery life make it a stand-out.my favorite phone is still the sanyo vm-4500 video camera walkie-talkie speakerphone cell phone for sprint pcs...
this phone was purchased with the t-mobile plan to replace a nokia phone with at&amp;t.  i changed phones and service because my old phone could not get reception inside of buildings.  i chose the v300 due to the external antennae.  i have had the phone for two weeks now and i have been very pleased.  the reception is a bit tinny sometimes, but overall i have not had any problems with dropped calls.i text message quite frequently and the phone offers you two choices for writing your text.  the first is an intuitive text entry method where the phone guesses the words that you are trying to type and displays them on the screen for you to choose.  this method is supposed to save time, but i have not yet gotten the hang of it.  the second method is the tried and true press each button for each letter method.  my only problem with the phone is that the buttons are not the same shape and are spaced apart which makes text messaging a bit trickier at first.  plus the numbers and letters which are written on the buttons are very light and i often have to shift the angle of the phone in order just to read the buttons.  the light text might also be an issue for someone with vision problems.overall, i would recommend this phone.  the only reason why i gave it four stars instead of five is because i think that motorola needs to darken the text on the buttons for those users who like to text message or who have vision problems.
i recently used two of the plug on a trip.  i used the one for chile and argentina and they both worked perfectly.  i would recommend this set.
they look cheap but work great. i took these on a trip to china and had no problems at all.
update:the person actually using these adapters (an 80 year old grandma) just reported from bassano italy that they worked just find and she charged her phone with no issues. so if a octogenarian can deal with something, that speaks volumes to the product!in her case, she was using an iphone overseas, so any issues of power converters were moot. all she had to do was plug the us style plug into the adapter. even so, it did work for her and she did it on her own. so that is a plus!**********************************these little adaptors look like they are well made and the price was right.i will add more when i get back!
bought this for a trip to europe (netherlands) and it worked perfectly without any kinks. i am quite pleased with my purchase.
i was happy with this purchase. just returned from a europe trip where i used this to convert and charge my electronics (iphone, ipad 3) and was very impressed.i was concerned it might fry my ipad 3, but i was assured by an italian gentleman in an electronics store, that it would be just fine, and it was!so i recommend this.
i bought this set of adapters specifically for a trip to europe. there are two different europe plugs, i took them both, and they both worked everywhere i went.i used the adapters primarily in denmark and norway, they worked great and gave me no problems charging ipod, iphone, ipad, camera batteries, etc.note that there are numbers on the plugs, the numbers correspond to the cardboard insert to let you know where to use the plugs. it would be better if the plugs themselves had that information on them, but at least they have the numbers (which i didn't see at first so i put my own numbers on them).i will undoubtedly keep using the adapters on future trips, and i'll keep this updated.update:have also now used in thailand, worked great.
works as it is supposed to, lightweight, compact, and very economical.  covers nearly every plug ive ever needed in asian except for india.
a few months ago, sabrent sent me several samples of car inverters to try out, and i have been pleased with all of them so far. this review is my honest opinion.as i have mentioned in a previous review, these power inverters are not new and have been around for many years. still, with mobile devices spreading like chicken-pox at a kindergarten, i have seen an upsurge in the amount of usb-charging inverters on the market. this particular charger offers dual usb charging (1a and 2.1a ports) as well as a standard power socket. let's cut to the chase: this inverter functions excellently.form is the only area i have to take issue, and it's not sabrent's fault. my 2003 subaru outback has the aux power (cigarette lighter) low down on the console, right behind the shifter, and with this inverter plugged in it's actually quite dangerous for me to have usb cables sticking out. if you're in the same boat as me, i highly suggest another inverter from sabrent, also 150w:half a star was taken off for the bulkiness of this product, another half star was taken off because i find the led to be too bright and rather distracting during night-time driving.if you have the space, this is an excellent converter and a solid price. recommended for most, reservations for some.

it's no problem charging mobile devices while you're driving, since these devices can be charged from a usb port, either built into the vehicle (newer models) or from usb chargers that fit in the vehicle's power port (aka cigarette lighter). but a lot of small electrical appliances are only made to work with ac power, and for those devices, a 12-volt in-vehicle power inverter is the answer. i have bought dedicated power adapters for laptop computers, but these are expensive and usually only work with a particular model laptop. i tried the sabrent 75-watt inverter in my subaru, and it worked fine for providing both ac and usb power. i used it with two of my ac-powered camera battery chargers and a aa battery charger:canon g10 battery charger - 14 wattsnikon d3200 battery charger - 20 wattsmaha aa battery charger - 16 wattsi also used the inverter to charge my hp laptop while using the laptop. the laptop uses a maximum of 50 watts while running, which is well below the inverter's limits. while using the inverter for ac devices, i also recharged my android smartphone with the 1a usb charging port.one caution: every vehicle's electrical system has a maximum rated power that it can deliver through the vehicle's power port. for my subaru forester, the owner's manual says this is 120 watts. trying to power a device or devices that exceed that limit will likely blow a fuse. i should also note that subaru sells its own 100-watt power inverter for my vehicle, but it costs about $300, while the sabrent inverter is a small fraction of that amount.for anyone who has a need for ac power in their vehicle, the sabrent inverter is a good option to consider. the inverter is also available in 150 watts (sabrent 150w power inverter with 2.1a-1a dual usb charger 12v dc to 120v ac (pw-c15u)) and 300 watts (sabrent 300w power inverter with 2.1a-1a dual usb charger 12v dc to 120v ac (pw-c30u)).a product sample was provided by the manufacturer for review purposes.
bought this thing years ago and it hasn't stopped working. it was a little noisy but under the seat it was fine. i haven't used it recently because not needing it.
a very nice power inverter, especially for the price. just be aware of the wattage required for what you're trying to run. i purchased this intending to operate a coffee pot, with no result. after doing some research i find a coffee maker needs somewhere around 1000 watts to run.
i'm standing in a room with a tv blasting, just 10 feet away.  talking to hertz reservations - they tell me (a) my voice is the clearest one that they have heard all day and (b) they don't hear the tv at all.  i replace this unit with my old earphone.  "now your voice sounds muffled", he said, "and i hear that tv now loud and clear".i have other stories like this.  walking down a busy noisy street - the etymonic makes my voice clear and there is no noise of traffic or wind.  my old earphone almost seems to exaggerate the background noise.i use the foam ear piece and it is very comfortable and stays in place.  i don't like the hard plastic ear pieces.nice.
i started using this headset two days ago.  sound is good.  you can speak at a normal volume level and you will be heard.  i don't use it outside though.  the earplug does give you a sense of being underwater, the way it blocks your whole ear canal.  but that's how it blocks out noise.  i do think for the money there should be some sort of volume/mute control on the cable.  but, i knew there wasn't when i bought it.  my only complaint is that it comes with a case, yet the headset doesn't fit in it without bending the microphone stalk and i'm not comfortable doing that.  it's sensitive equipment, with a filter in the earpiece that i know i'll have to change eventually hence the included tool for same, then it shouldn't be left in the open to collect dust.  why not give a case that accomodates it and its accessories?update 4/30/08:  after months of using this headset, i have to say i find it mildly annoying.  you feel like you're hearing something under water, because the thing is so jammed in your ear (it's a little bit violating...).  i wouldn't recommend it to anyone shopping for a headset.  i really bought it because it was so hard to find a headset compatible with my at&t; 8525.
the sound of this headset is excellent, as advertised.  the trouble is in getting it to stay in place when i move around.  i'm not talking about playing tennis here, i'm talking about driving the car, and having the boom slowly swing downwards away from my mouth.  the ear plug stays in place, and i can still hear, but the boom swings downward from in front of my mouth (pulled by gravity) and then the person i'm talking with can't hear me so well.  the only thing that works for me in this regard is plantronics, the one the hooks behind your ear lobe, but that one is not noise-canceling, so i can't hear as well when the wind noise gets high in the car.  the ones that hook over my ear hurt me, and the ones that just plug into my ear usually fall out.  this one is better in that it stays in my ear, but having the boom pivot away from my mouth is a real problem.  i tried bending it so it hangs down from my ear and then swings forward to my mouth, but the center of gravity still tries to swing to the lowest point, so i'd not a boom twice as long as this for that plan to really work.
as you can see by the picture, this device has merely an ear canal insert and the microphone and cord just dangle.  it feels a little awkward to me, although if you're not moving it does stay in as long as you've "pulled your ear back" while inserting it, which creates a clamp effect between your ear canal and the rubber insert.  the earset itself is light enough to work this way.  the problem is the cable, which drags, gets bumped by clothing, etc, and jiggles things.  you have to clip the cable to your collar for sure, it's not optional like with over-the-ear headsets.  it comes with a little y-shaped adapter which lets you use it with skype or other pc-based systems.  interestingly, while this works fine, the earset has a little whistle-y electronic noise with etymotic that i don't hear (no matter how close i listen) with some other earsets i have.  it's not noticeable once a conversation starts. overall, for most use, i don't find it's much better than a couple $7 dollar over-the-ear earsets radio shack used to stock (no longer do).  it may be, as someone reported, it's way better for wind noise, i haven't tried that.  it comes with a couple fluffy black sponge wind masks for the mike bulb.
this is by far the best wired or wireless headset i've ever used (over a dozen). it comes with a the headset, a medium length cord with 2.5mm plug, a small and large windscreen, and a 2.5mm-line in/ line out adapter for your pc and a carry case, plus 3 different sized earplugs and a cleaning tool. i use it for 4-5 hrs per day on averagepros:very high quality speaker. like high quality headphones, if you phone has good signal it sounds great, but you'll hear lots of distortion with a poor signal. i use it with a blackberry 9650 and a femtocell - it is sounds as good as a high quality landline. it didn't sound as good with htc and samsung (cdma) phones, but this is indicative of the quality of the phone's voice circuitry.great noise cancelling microphone - with the windscreen on, you can use it outdoors even in strong wind (20 mph). background noise is very muted and callers are usually amazed that i am on a cell.works with glasses and hats - unit is held in place by friction. it's light enough so it works well. this makes it great for outdoor activities.cord is perfect length and is designed to work with the phone on a belt clip or pants pocket. form factor is great and it takes little space.surprisingly, friction alone holds the unit in place. it is pretty durable too (sitting on it or dropping it)cheap - for $35, it performs much better than the jawbone/plantronics bluetooth variety without the radiation risk and outperforms high end corded headsets too (call center sets, theboom)cons:2.5mm plug. every modern smartphone uses 3.5mm. time for an update.uncomfortable and itchy after extended (4-5 hrs) use. the plugs are made of soft plastic so you need to air out your ear after a few hours (no discomfort then)
i have a blueparrott, but i keep forgetting to turn bluetooth on, or it is paired with something else so i've been wishing for a wired headset with noise cancelling ability for a long while.  this is it.on my motorcycle you can't hear the engine, and with the windscreen it is good at low speeds (sans windshield - at 30 mph the smaller windscreen starts letting noise through.  you can't hear my stereo blaring.  i would say it is just slightly less able than the blueparrot - but that might be because the boom doesn't quite reach the corner of my mouth.  but i only have problems if the noise is coming in at just the right angle.it has an isolating insert so it blocks out external noise (you might need an earplug for the other ear in really noisy environments).a few nits:they should have cases for the windscreens - they tend to get squished.  a stereo or dual mono version would be welcome.  the boom could be a bit longer.only negative is they don't include an ipod/blackberry/(some)android 4 conductor 3.5mm adapter, but i already have several.  they have a voip adapter.so maybe not perfect, but this is way beyond all the other "handsfree" wired headsets i have used, and it isn't that expensive for what it does.
i have bought other usb hubs in the past, and they all failed. plugging in 2 powered devices would make them not work.this usb hub i have 4 usb powered hard drives and an external dvd burner plugged in and they all work without any problems! this is one of the best hubs i have found.
this usb port is sleek and functional. it is plug and play. it even come with its own power supply in case you have power hungry peripherals. even though it works fine for me without its own power supply i chose to use it as recommended by the manufacturer. it comes with a lifetime warranty. i have a cyperpower ups that has been very reliable and i expect this little cyber wonder to be nothing less.
it's a nice-looking product. it seems like i would have liked it. but...my unit had an electrical problem. i connected two portable external hard drives, one powered external hard drive, a printer, an external dvd+-rw drive, a mouse and a keyboard. then i plugged it in.first i noticed my mouse didn't work. so i unplugged it and plugged in another one. "that's strange, that one doesn't work either," i thought. "hmmm, and what's that smell?"  turns out, that smell was a hard drive frying.  once i figured that out i unplugged everything and waited.after a few hours, when i figured everything would have cooled down, i started testing my devices.  one portable external drive still "sort of" works. i can see most of the file structure but copying attempts fail. the powered external hard drive mostly worked for a couple days and then quit. one portable hard drive never worked again. the optical drive still works, occasionally, but typically won't boot. occasionally the printer works. the mice never worked again. and the keyboard was fine.  everything's been tested on 3 different pc systems and 1 linux system.the worst part? those were my redundant data storage. i lost everything.
over 100 reviews all rate thecyberpower high-speed 7-port usb huba good to excellent product for adding usb devices to your pc, mac; desktop or laptop.  i don't disagree. i think it works as promised, and is well-built by a reputable company that backs its product with a lifetime warranty. i like the solid base and the layout of the device. it's powered (ac) and adds 7-ports to all my computers with plug-and-play compatibility. no driver disc or software to mess with is great.  mine is already full and it makes me wonder why i waited so long to get it; swapping things out instead of using a hub.so what's wrong with it?  i give this product a 4-star rating only because i can't shut off the blue power light, which is so bright, it illuminates my home office as well as any night-light! since the room doubles as our guest room, it would be great to be able to shut off that light without unplugging the device.
i had more usb adapters then i knew what to do with.  enter the cyberpower 7 port hub... i am very pleased with it.  i'm not a techy, just an every day computer user.  i use my hub with my imac and it works seamlessly, have had no issues.  i bought another for a friend and she is pleased as well.  like i said, it does what it says it will do with little effort, and works quite well for the technically challenged.
okay, this little guy rocks!  when plugged in to an outlet, it will support 2 hdds, a external odd, and a printer with no issues.  also, during a move i misplaced my power cord, so i called up the company... wow, for free, the next day, they shipped me out a replacement.  i would def. buy from them again, and will use more of these as the need arises.also, it's been quite some time now since the purchase (over a year) and it works perfectly like the day i got it.
i have use this product for 6 months it does a great job, the dlink i used on another system kept losing connection in the middle of transfers i threw it away, this one works.i use lots of usb devices and i have two of these on one computer and they work fantastic.  when i copy movies to my personal video player from my network hard drives these never fail.  the other ones would stop sending packets in the middle of a trasfer. i have 2 printers, 2 scanners, video capture, mouse, and keyboard, tv, external hard drives, 2 flash card readers, docking for sandisk mpeg player, docking for ipod player, external game system for updating firmware, wacom drawing board for adobe cs3, and other attachments i hook on and off.  these hubs always works.downside, ive had to learn the tricks of windows xp on keeping track of drive letters and changing them around, there are third party programs that i have tried but i'd rather use disk manager and do it myself.you will need to do a little cable management because the unit is small and the volume of cables attached to it can physically push it around, but some cable ties or electrical take easily takes care of the problem.
i really like this hub.  i have an acer one netbook, and i use this hub to power my cd/dvd external drive, my laptop cooler pad, and my 1tb external hard drive.  my cooler pad also has a few usb ports, and i have a 4-in-1 memory card reader plugged into that.  everything works fine.  sometimes i have to unplug my cd/dvd drive to get the netbook to read it properly.  i had that same problem with another hub though, so i think it's the drive.  it works more often with this hub than with my other though.this is very small.  the main picture makes it look huge, but it's really palm sized. i took it with me on vacation, and it fit just fine in the carry-on.  you don't need to keep the stand on it.i also like the one port in the front for when i need to plug in a usb drive.
i use this hub with my mac and it is great. i just plugged into my usb port on my macbook pro and have never had a problem with it. you can optionally power the device with the included ac adapter, which lights up a bunch of green lights and one brilliant blue light at the top of the green lights. this blue light is extremely bright for its size and may need to be covered if you are sleeping in the same room with it. i have plenty of open slots for additional devices. if you are using this device vertically in the stand there is a front usb slot for you to attach your flash drive without any effort. everything (at least with a mac) is recognized and ready to go once it is plugged in. i would highly recommend this hub - you can't find anything as nice for the price that is powered.
i have an older computer with ony 4 usb ports and a laptop with 2 usb ports. i have 4  external drives and a printer and various other devices that require usb, and all i have to do is disconnect it from one computer and plug it into the other and everything works great. as far as small flash drives that require external power i have no idea.  hope some reviewer will elaborate on that.  in any case its well worth the money.  it stays forever lit, and thats okay.  it will look funny 10 years from now when the lights are extinguished.
great hub.  it's a plug in, which is actually a plus because it came power larger items too.  i have not had any dead usb ports.
this little hub seems to be the only brand that does not blow out its ports.  terrific for dental op's running digital equipment.  provides a local hub source for on top of the cabinet when the computer is located underneath.  easy access, works well and very inexpensive.  be sure to use the same port for the camera and the same port for the digital x ray sensor and label the ports.
because of proliferation of usb based products, the usb hub is now more neccessary than ever. if you have multiple usb based devices (printers, keyboard, mouse, flash storage, usb speakers, iphone/ipod jack etc) and want to consolidate all your devices into a one single hub, then this hub does its job well.this devices works equally well both in windows (vista) and mac os (leopard and snow leopard).it is about half the size of a medium sized hand.each usb port has its own dedicated led light. the led light indicators, however, are little brighter than i would like. it may bother those who are extremely light sensitive while sleeping. but a cheap way to alleviate such a problem would be to cover the led lights with tape.i used this device as a hub for all my usb devices for my macbook pro (2009) and the device works flawlessly, including for my usb speakers.
i use this on my macbook so i can connect several items at the same time including a usb keyboard and optical mouse, my ipad and iphone, a webcam, an external hard drive and even a light o rama controller for my christmas lights. this thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices. i haven't seen any slowness in my webcam, ipad/iphone syncing or even copying large movies to my external hard drive. this guy works great and i am not at all disappointed in performance. i am however a bit disappointed in the design. this has to sit on the corner of my desk and i need plenty of room on both sides to allow the usb cables to plug in. i would have had them design it like a tower with the plugs all on the back one on top of another. that being said, the current design does offer some added stability to keep the hub from falling over. overall a great performer and a decent design.
does what it's meant to do, the light in the front seems like their only for looks, their always on. bought this for my magic jack, always hearing an echo & the call id doesn't always work. echo seems to be fixed now, but still have problems with the caller id. i also use it for charging my ps3 sony bluetooth headset & controllers.
i was surprised to find this excellent powered usb hub for much less money than i paid for an identicel one over three years ago. somehow, we misplaced the power adapter so i ordered this one mainly so i could get the power adapter. the older hub still works fine so i just use the adapter so i can run usb 3.0 hard drives with a tv android mini-pc. my grandson wanted the hub for his his playstation 3 slim, which sees a lot of use. he uses it for video gaming and for a multi-media center. he accidently damaged one of the two usb ports and he was limited by having only one usb port.i gave him this hub. he is so happy with it his friends want one!
it is reliable & works well with the power adapter. but with all cables plugged in it tips easy & is far too bright for bedrooms. so for the actual function it is 5stars. but for other considerations it is about 2.5 stars. so, even though it is only usb2 (not the faster 3) i give it 3.5 stars.
i used to be a usb doubter - i thought usb wouldn't catch on.  was i ever wrong!  without a hub, i wouldn't have enough usb ports to plug everything in!over the past several years, i've gotten a number of usb hubs to handle the problem.  i bought a 7-port cyberpower hub from another vendor to use at work.  it's lasted with day in and day out use for about two years.  one heavy use is that i use a password manager on a usb thumbdrive and it gets plugged in at least twice a day.  the cyberpower hub at work doesn't seem to mind.the hubs at home, and even the usb ports on my motherboards, seem to loosen up and not keep a good grip on the usb thumbdrive.  so, when my home hub flaked out again, i decided to get a hub that i know works, and keeps on working, for use at home.the only drawback to the hub is the led's on it.  they are a little too bright, and not really all that useful.  however, it's not a problem at work, and at home, the hub is hidden behind a monitor.  i wouldn't want to use it in a bedroom.if you're looking for a reliable hub, this is it.
i gave this 3 stars because it does what it says, its nothing high end and doesn't promise miracles, but i won't give it 5 stars because simply there's a terrible delay from when my computer comes out of sleep mode and from the time it actually recognizes this hub on the com ports for the pc, on average its about 15 seconds.  so i'll be sitting there waiting to enter my password like an idiot until the hub is finally recognized by the pc.  and its a really good pc, brand new, no problems with usb 2 or usb 3 except where this hub is concerned.
i bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity.  i had to replace an older d-link usb that just didn't seem to work at all on both our mac's and pc's (i had two d-link's).  i had hoped this hub would actually work unlike the d-link hub and it does the job great!i bought two and hooked one up to the pc and the other to the mac and plugged 7 devices into each.  everything worked and i did use the power just to make sure i could charge off of it if i wanted to.  this hub works perfect and the led's look awesome.very happy with this product and would buy same one if i needed another usb hub.  of course i'm sure the 3.0 versions will soon start to proliferate but until then this is a great usb hub and priced well for what you get.
1. the usb ports on the sides are spaced far enough apart that i can use all the slots. and the one in front is great for the thumb drive.2. the lights are cool3. it works great4. it stands up most of the time! when i came into the office this morning it was on it's side but no biggie. i righted it and it was fine all day.the weighted base does make a difference and i think they made it as heavy as they could without taking away the portability feature.5. did i mention it works great. my laptop had no problem going to sleep. it was instantly recognized. all the devices i've put on it have been recognized6. i don't know what one reviewer meant by it making noise. mine is absolutely silent.7. i agree you need a scissors or knife to open the clamshell packaging no biggie.i liked it so much i bought a second one!!
easy to use.....you can see clearly by the function lights if the unit is on and if a port is active.  have been using this now for over a year and it is still going strong.
product is as good as it was advertised. it works very well and i would very much recommend this product because it would give you more usb access to your laptop or desk top.
problem:it seems there's always something else to plug in to a usb port on my laptop, but i've long since run out of ports for plugging.  in desperation, i bought a 4-port hub (working just fine, thank you), but i still did not have enough ports to do the job.  and the idea of daisy-chaining was not practical because my desk is already overloaded.solution:enter the cyberpower 7-port hub.  space-saving solution to running out of ports.  and, with its own power supply, it's not draining power from my laptop.  works like a charm!i did find the glow light annoying, but it's easy enough to unplug the hub when i finish working in the evening, so it's not a big issue for me.i'm a happy camper now, and i whole-heartedly recommend this hub for those who need more ports in a small space.  i should also commend amazon for super-fast delivery.  problem solved!p.s.  mikey is my cat.  he likes this hub and shows it by periodically knocking it off my desk.i would prefer that mikey didn't like it!
this is an excelent usb port it has the option for it's power . ether pluged in an a/c outlet or power from your device's nice option
a very good high quality usb hub. windows recognizes everything you plug into this hub and, the usb ports are nice and tight.i will say in my opinion, for a usb 2.0 hub, the cyberpower-cp-h720 is at the top of the quality hub chart. you can plug a dvd player or web cam into this thing and it will work perfectly. my only complaint is a lack of a method of securing it to a table top but i suppose double sticky tape will do just fine. the rubber base piece is removable so it can lay flat as well.
this is a great hub and has been good for several months. highly recommend and will buy it again for additional needs.
ok, so this is only a usb 2.0 hub, not a 3.0 hub, but if your computer only supports usb 2 then this is all you need. plug count/location is as follows:along the left and right sides (3 per side) it has 6 usb female type a receptacles (this is the bigger usb connector you normally find on a pc)on the front near the bottom, there is a 7th usb type a receptacle  (at the bottom of the unit when it's in the stand) a usb mini type a receptacle (to connect the hub to the computer)and finally on the left side there's a power input for the external power supply.i've had this hub in use for almost a year now and it's held up very well to multiple plug/unplug cycles. the blue led at the top is unnecessary to indicate power as there are the other green leds for each port. i've used the plugs for keyboards, mice, hdds and thumb drives. i've never had any problems.overall it a solid and small hub and recommended if all you need is usb 2.0 and up to 7 plugs.
[apart from minor issues like stability of the "weighted" base, this hub has been such a consistent, heavy-duty performer, while holding its price point (just short of 30) for exactly 4 years, that i've had to award it 5 stars (and order the identical model for my wife).  but just in the last 2 months the hub has been behaving completely opposite to expectations.  it goes totally dead with my hard drives, telling me that they're drawing too much power and therefore the hub is shutting them down until i remove them. but even when the hub is naked with the exception of a tiny flash drive, it remains dead, dark and non-communicative.  it comes back to life only when i disconnect the ac power and rely on nothing more than the power supplied by the usb ports.  that's fine, but not what i need with my 1tb (and bigger) hard drives, which until now had been showing on my computer's desktop with each start-up.  i'm about to call a rep in order to get an idea of what's going on and whether there's a fix (could it be apple's latest update to osx?  i'll be back pending further info.]i realized i needed a 7-port hub and checked out the d-link, kensington, belkin--the usual suspects.  then i chanced upon this unlikely contender, looking more like a jukebox in amazon's picture than a hub.  i was intrigued by the off-beat design and noticed that the price was competitive (though a couple of the others are presently offering rebates, a free flylight, and other sweeteners). now that i'm looking at the cyberpower usb port "in person," i can provide a few initial impressions:1.  it's a lot smaller than the picture might imply.  compactness is nice, but you also want a hub that will stay put and that allows sufficient space between adjacent plugs.2.  although the hub is designed for either vertical or horizontal use, the added and welcome weight of the detachable base makes vertical use the more sensible option.  otherwise, you've got a lightweight (and fairly generic) loaded-up plug which could easily move around, dislodging the usb mini-plug (a necessary evil except for small cameras) at one end of every usb 2.0 cable.3.  it seems to handle my equipment off of the usb power supplied by the computer, but i still breathe easier using the included ac power adapter. (to the manufacturer's credit, it's one of the slimmer, lighter wall-warts that i've seen.)4.  the flash drive mount is practical (but not unique).  now i can finally use that old sandisk thumb drive that formerly was taking up the space of two usb ports.5.  the individual port lights are on all the time and, unlike most hubs, are not indicative of the presence or absence of a usb device.in conclusion, it's a reliable performer and a convenient as well as eye-catching device--providing you go for the vertical look.  if i were to suggest one design improvement, it would be to "fatten up" the tower so that it would be wide enough to permit horizontal insertion of usb devices with the hub in vertical position.  doing so would assure unforced accommodation of all your usb plugs, even the most space-devouring ones.  biggest "gripe": the vertical design is not real stable.  the hub is easily dislodged from the base and bounces around quite a bit.  if i had to do it over, i'd look at the heavy, dome-shaped kensington.[revaluation after almost 3 years: i tried the kensington. it was no more stable but less reliable. so i returned to the cyberpower, but without the base or vertical position.  i velcroed its back side to the wooden surface behind my desktop machine, with printer and two 500gb storage drives inputted to the rear, one usb cable from the front side to the usb of my imac, and a flash drive connected to the top side of the hub.  absolutely no problems.  this item continues to rise in both popularity and price because it's so good.  should it ever fail, i doubt there's any other hub available that could surpass it. forget the "cuteness" factor; this thing is all business.][4 years later: this "off brand" hub continues to be an amazon best-seller while hubs like the kensington "round mound" have fallen off the map, so this one is a proven winner.  only lately i've had some difficulty with getting it to recognize really large (1tb) hard drives. before condemning the drive, i going to try some different cables and maybe a call to the manufacturer.  otherwise, the next step up would be either a 3.0 usb hub or a hub with dedicated switches, permitting you to assign just the power-draining devices to the ac-powered inputs while allowing the other devices (ipods, mouse receivers, flash drives, printers, etc.) to run sheerly on usb power.]
for one, this product is built very cheap. this means that overtime some ports will simply stop working...why? i'm not really sure...perhaps cheap components, and slight bending?secondly, it does not support charging, and yet it does at the same time. if you plug in say an apple device you'll get an error, but it will charge which again does not make sense.this is not a 3.0 usb hub, it's a 2.0. many new devices will require you to have 3.0 now or in the near future. for instance, my new webcam hates being plugged into this hub as the performance greatly drops.lastly: mine is just about destroyed, because of a slight drink mishap. nothing seems to be wrong with device other than...it stops working from time to time, and i sometimes have to clean the ports with a small amount of water to get it to work again..just very annoying.- additional notes: the stand is horrible. it won't stay on, especially if you have multiple cords attached that pull in various directions like the power cable. (it falls out easily, it does not snap on, it's basically just a slightly heavy stand that it "rests" on top of. (useless)- it glows neon blue. why? i'm not sure. i like it because it matches my setup, but it's very bright, and i'd rather the "power" be used towards the other devices.finally: this device will likely not support 7 devices being plugged in at the same time....i would get 3-4 to work...maybe.... at any given point. eventually the two bottom ports simply decided to "not work" entirely which is completely stupid because i rarely ever used those ports to begin with. this also made me think there was something wrong with my device, and wasted my time trouble shooting. (just had to switch ports) in other words...don't buy this device...get a cheaper hub with more slots, or a 3.0 hub with more features.this is cheap...
this is a really nice usb 2.0 hub. it works way better than the 7-port dlink it replaced. the led lights are a bit bright, but for me it's not much of an issue since the hub lives down on the floor in my setup. i agree that it would be nice to be able to to turn them off though if it's too bright, just cover over them with a strip of tape-problem solved.i am impressed with this hub and would recommend it.note-it is actually smaller than it looks in the pictures.
my my newlogitech g11 gaming keyboard (black/silver)did not work when i plugged it onto myd-link dub-h4 high speed usb 2.0 4-port hub.  after researching a bit, i bought the cyberpower one and now the keyboard works fine.  in fact, lots of other usb things now work without being plugged directly into the computer.  i'm quite happy with it.
i needed a self powered usb 2 hub for my imac, and selected the cyberpower.it works as advertised and comes with its own plug-in power supply.  i can leave my palm tx hooked to it even when the computer is off and it will charge it.  the only drawback is that the thing is loaded with eight led's and they stay on whenever it's powered either by the computer or by its own power source.  if you have the thing in your sleeping area and are light sensitive, you'd have to unplug it.
this device is wonderful, very light weight and portable and works excellent. i purchased as a replacement usb hub for use on my laptop and very much like that you can tuck it anywhere easily. great quality product.
i've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and i truely love it.  the only disappointment so far has been battery life.  mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and i don't really talk on it that much.why is this phone so great?  simple.  it has it all.  this is the first phone i know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, usb connector and a speakerphone.if you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
operation: it's like bmw's i-drive - it does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface. for example, the memory card is under the battery. the phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while. this is representative of the entire phone operation. not for the impatient.if you've never used an advanced mobile phone before, you might assume this is par for the course, but it simply isn't. even the instruction booklet is out of order.applications: it has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open. no matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications. on the other hand, one may leave many applications open at once, hide them and return to them just where they left off - similar to a mac. me likes.the 6600 has more ameneties than most - world phone, camera (vga/zoom/night mode/timer), video (w/ audio & zoom), speaker (good sound), bluetooth, infrared, modem for computers, electronic wallet, internet access, calendar, calculator, converter and more.the phone does not have an mp3-player, fm radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, pda, photo editor. i'm not sure that a phone w/ these and all of the above features exists just yet. ...i'm not sure i'd want to spend that much time w/ a device, anyhow.dependability: i've seen no glitches. i've had no problems w/ this phone.styling/ergonomics: the keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because i can employ a little 'braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.as for appearance, well, that's subjective. few will look at the phone and know it's 'all that'. it's not as stylized as a sony or samsung. less benz/obvious; more audi/understated.although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big. solid, squeak-free, large screen.memory/storage - seemingly boundless. first of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc. secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of usb wires. still not sure? if you max out the phone memory and have sent all you wish to a computer, there is a memory card w/a good deal of storage as well. this is no small deal. if you're still whining about storage, deleting some games will free-up still more memory.reception: this really depends on locale & carrier. the 6600 (t-mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including new zealand and australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850). the latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of the states but still operates in many countries, excluding new zealand and australia. the 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of the states and not as well in more remote areas. as the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.the battery life is less than stellar, but it charges w/ the quickness. remember, this phone uses an operating system - symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors. it films 10 second video, for crying out loud. the battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.games - java. don't use them, so i delete them for addtl space. in my humble opinion, games, along w/ 'flip phones' belong in the hands of teenagers.imp: two important pieces of advice - visit nokia's site. there are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost. the downloads are for basic and advanced operations.the second piece of advice - be prepared to spend a lot of time w/ this phone. if you expect to be able to pick things up when you're out and in a rush via common sense, many times you'll end up frustrated. a sony ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price. keep in mind that for nearly every screen, there are a number 'along side' and 'beneath' them... for every 'save,' there are choices of phone memory, memory card or sim card.despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable. it's a high-line audi, on a cadillac suspension, at a reasonable price.when you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.i would suggest this phone for all but the simple-minded... or those who simply don't need so many features.
positives: bluetooth, ir port, vga camera, multiple e-mail accounts, speaker phone, more programs becoming available for symbian o/s. i use bluetooth for wireless headset and to make the phone serve as my wireless modem.negatives: phone too big; voice recognition worthless, low volume from ear piece, ir port weak so tv remote control programs don't work well, slow menu's and response. get opera browser if your phone does not come with it since the wap browser will only frustrate you (opera has problems on this phone, but works most of the time). t-mobile programmed the backlight in the display to turn off after a few seconds, although nokia made it adjustable, and t-mobile won't fix it.
its been 11 months now that i've held on to my nokia 6600 for. i purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of nokia phones available. i thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time. i must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held. it has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.now i'm a techy and like getting technical about things so i'd brief you in on the few features i liked about this phone-1.the phone has the best keypad any nokia phone has to offer. my dad has a nokia 6670 before which he has a nokia 7210 and before that he had a nokia 6610. i think the keypad on your cell phone is the most important thing for me as im constantly sending messages , calling people and fiddling around with my phone. believe me when i say this i have used and fingered all nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad2. the looks are absolutely no nonsensical. some complain it being a tad too bulky looking. i must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be3. the nokia 6600 has a brilliant java interface. there's a whole lot of things you can do with this phone besides reading a book , playing various java games , having a variety of software installed. the phone offers a 32 mb mmc card and i think that is certainly the most exciting feature. i upgraded mine to a 128 mb mmc card via which i can store unlimited number of messages, take a thousand pictures and videos. capacity is not a problem here.4. the build is just right. the phone is sturdy. i've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as ever. its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it. this isn't the most rugged phone ever but then your not gonna play aeroplane with this,are you.5.the camera installed on this phone is awesome. i click pictures in jpg format and because the phone has a bluetooth device i find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth. the display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary. the use of 65536 (16bit) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phonebesides the above mentioned merits , the phone has decent ear volume and loudspeaker functionality. it has great upgradibility. i can play mp3 files on my phone by simply downloading softwares freely available on the net. now that is neat. the log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.the handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving. i wouldn't do that because it's not worth my life.anyhow some demerits of this phone,the phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most nokia variants.the battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use. video recording is limited at just 9 seconds. you can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.overall i dont think i will ever upgrade from this phone. when i purchased this phone , i thought to myself that i had purchased the most popular phone around and the thought didn't please me. in any case , putting aside how common it is in my city , i dont think i can be anymore satisfied. this makes for a great phone.did i mention the note feature and how you can send notes via bluetooth?gee anyways enjoy what works!
i have been waiting to finish my 1 year contract to get this phone. i did find some bad reviews about 6600. but let me tell you folks its a awesome phone. i have a palmone t3 and i am really having a good time with both now. neeed to try sync option soon. over all i am much satisfied. giving 4 stars cause the keys are placed little odd. thanks nokia
this phone is flashy and feels good in the hand, but it could not hold a connection to any of my bluetooth devices (headset, handheld, or desktop computer). my old siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.if you hunt around the web, you will find many websites with people complaining about the lack of drivers for this phone and the cavelike silence from nokia when asked for help.if your needs are limited to making phonecalls and taking snapshots, this phone will probably satisfy you. if you need bluetooth, stay away.
it works ok, although several folks have said that it was hard to hear me.  not everyone, though, so there could have been other factors.  the thing i like least is that it is hard to put on.  maybe it is just me.  i'm accustomed to using headsets, but haven't found a quick way to put this on one-handed.
for the money these are great. i use these for a home based business and they get a years worth of abuse in a month. that being the case one will last me between 3-18 months then the wire will develop a break (normal) but at these prices i can toss the bad and replace on the cheap.
jabra makes, by far the best hands-free devices on the market. the earwave boom is a good model that will satisfy 90% of people who need hands-free functionality for their cell phones.jabra has gotten away from the full molded ear gels for this model.  i personally prefer them to the mini ear gels, but this unit fits fine in your ear with the ear wrap-around.  it's comfortable and works fine.as for the hands-free jack on your phone, you have to make sure you have a 2.5 millimeter jack. that is the one with 2 stripes on the plug. calling this "universal" is a little bit of an overstatement, but with a little research you can verify which model fits your phone.  unfortunately, a specific compatibility list is hard to come by. look at the specs for your phone and give it a try.the microphone will capture sound just fine.  for those who experience a lot of interference or muffling, i recommend you try the version with "noise cancelling."  it's about $7 more but for certain models of phone the difference can be worth it.the jabra earwrap has a slightly better wraparound attachment and a slightly longer arm. for those who don't like the microphone arm, the jabra earwave bud doesn't have a microphone arm, but instead has the small mic on the cable with a clip to attach it to your tie or shirt. personally i don't like those models.i have not found much difference in sound quality between the different jabra models.  the differences are mainly in comfort, style, and ease of use.  this product is decently priced, but i think it could be more affordable.try other higher end models if you are more demanding, like i am, and are willing to spend the money.  this is a pretty good model though, definitely enough to satisfy most users.
good, i was happy with this product.  i got tired of accidentally keeping my bluetooth earpiece in my jean pockets and sending them through the wash, so i bought this and it worked great until i bought a car that had bluetooth built-in.
i got this because i had to use a non-bluetooth cell phone for a while and i prefer talking hands-free.pros: confortable.  very good sound quality. cheap. fits in my ear well enough that i'm able to keep the phone volume very low and still hear just fine.cons: corded.i've since gotten my bluetooth phone back, but still keep this around in case the bluetooth has problems.
used this to replace an original with an old cell phone.  you can't beat the price and lasted years.  thanks.
the pros:the function and design of this headset are first rate. right out of the box it was easy to pair with my motorola v505 phone.it is small and unobtrusivethe battery life is really good in standby mode, and lasts several hours of talking. (and it does issue warning tones when the battery runs low, plus the phone issues a message saying "headset signal weak - switch to handset?"the combo belt clip/charger is a really cool idea.  it would have been even cooler if jabra had made it compatible with nokia, moto, and ericsson phone chargers.  now i have yet another power supply to drag with me on trips....reception is very good as long as line of sight is unobstructed by anything full of water.  i can pump gas in my car with the phone on the passenger seat or wander all over my hotel suite waving my arms wildly while the phone sits in its charging stand on the desk.  if there is a body in the way (or an aquarium, etc) then the signal drops off (attenuates) dramatically.  in fact, there is a marked difference between putting the phone on the opposite side of your body from the earpiece when carrying your phone in your pocket.  if on the opposite side, the signal degrades noticeably.the cons:i have been unsuccessful getting it to pair with either my laptop or my pda however (an hp ipaq 4155).if you have a bluetooth pda and use bt to activesync with your pc, it will interfere with this headset while it is "connected" (from activesync's perspective).  you will hear a constant "crackling" noise that sounds like the other person is popping popcorn.  it took me a while to figure out.  you don't have to turn off the bt radio on the laptop or pda, just "disconnect" the bt session temporarily while talking.  this is a hassle, but not a killer (one of the reasons for 4 instead of 5 stars)my biggest problem with the unit is that it does not fit my ears without feeling very insecure.  the "hanging" design always feels like it is flopping around for me, and if i lean too far to that side, the unit will actually fall off my ear.  there is no way to tighten the fit of the unit; i have already tried different earpieces and positions of the earpieces, but this doesn't help.  this is the reason why i will probably replace this unit with another.  its a shame, since it is such a nice unit, but the floppiness on my ears is unacceptable.btw, i am not a midget - i am 5' 10 and weigh 160 lbs.  i have a fairly narrow face, but i think the bigger issue is that i have small earlobes.  if you have small earlobes (rather than pendulous ones) you may want to test fit this unit in a store before buying one here.  i wish i had...
i received this little gem for christmas and now i refuse to speak into the phone itself.  this bt enabled unit is the perfect gift for anyone with a cell phone.no more complicated setups.  as soon as i turned this on, my nokia found it, recognized it, associated it, and i was speaking into it.the battery life is great and the clarity is also dead on.once you use this product, you too will never go back to speaking into your phone the old fashioned way.
i had heard so many good things about this headset and even tried on my co-workers before i bought it, but what i didn't test out was the reception/range. i have been using a logitech mobile freedom headset for almost a year now and love it, except for the fit. it fits horribly.this is where the bt205 shines. it fits great. it doesn't hurt. i can wear it for hours. it seems to have a ton of talk time (at least 6 hours, i would say)...but the reception just plain sucks. i don't know if it's all the electrical devices running in my apartment, but damn, i can't get more than about 5 feet away from my phone before this unit starts to get all crackly on me. you almost have to have the phone 1) within about 6 feet of you and 2) have it on the same side of your body as the jabra. basically, count on walking around with your phone in your pocket.do heed jabra's warnings about the wireless home network interfering with this device! and your microwave. and your electric fans...and running water...they all make reception horrible. i think my problem might have been the wireless home network. but c'mon people, us geeks who use bluetooth headsets are the same geeks who have wireless home networks. duh.summary:pros:*lightweight*comfortable*got a good price on ebay ($42 shipped for new)*easy to usecons:*range, range, range! this is a huge one for me. if i have to keep my phone within 6 feet of me all the time, what's the point?*too costly at $80 for what you get*everything interferes with this unit. you might as well go sit in a room with nothing in it for good reception.needless to say, it's for sale on ebay!
i've been using my jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it. i bought it primarily for use while driving. it's very comfortable to wear. it has performed extremely well in the car. at times, i've used it at home. the range of the headset is quite good, but i get more static in my apartment. from time to time, i lose connection with my phone. i suspect that it's more a problem with my phone than with the headset...i only wish that the phone would come with a charger for the car as this is where i (and perhaps most people) will use the headset. in any case, i can highly recommend the jabra headset.
i bought 2 of these headsets (one for me and one for the girlfriend) on recommendation by my cingular sales guy. it was either the bt250 for $80 or the moto hs810 for $99.not knowing too much about bluetooth headsets at the time, i opted for the bt250. two weeks later and i'm giddy like a kid in a candy store.it took a while to figure out how to install the headset to your ear, but i'm sure most, if not all, bluetooth headsets share the same minor inconvenience. the other minor inconvenience are the buttons; they don't have a nice feel when you push them and the locations are sometimes tricky.if it's one thing i would really like, then it's a replaceable [rechargeable] battery. i'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge.regardless, i have found the bt250 to be a better value than the hs810.
i owned two versions of this unit. one with the nokia 3650 (apparently the 3650 requires a specific type as compared to some of the other bt phones) and the second one that i currently own is with the motorola v600.this comparison will cover both jabra units and will compare them to the nokia hdw-2 blutooth adapter as well as the motorola hs-820 bluetooth adapters.the jabra unit boasts a much better design. the other two sit on the ear and feel extremely awkward. the jabra design provides a much better and more comfortable fit even with glasses on. the other two has flimsy over the ear plastic pieces that feel very out of place.i felt this unit to be relatively easier to use as compared to the other two. i had no problems teaming either of the units with the 3650. i did have to jump through a few hoops to team with the v600.the most important reason i wanted a bt adapter in the first place was to due to the fact that i get a phone signal in my liviing room and there is no signal at my desk in the basement which is directly under the living room. the reception was about the same for both (not use-able). i also noticed that when i went around the corner, i would lose the signal. true for all units.all in all, i would rate each one as follows on a scale from 1 to 5:quality : jabra-4, nokia-3, motorola-2.5design: jabra-5, nokia-1, motorola-1usabaility (range): jabra-3, nokia-3, motorola-3usability (ease of use): jabra-4, nokia-3, motorola-3overall: jabra-4, nokia-2, motorola-2one thing i did not get to test was the battery life. jabra did provide a good two and a half days of battery time with a single charge. i did not get to test the battery life of either nokia or motorola units.
paired with a nokia 6230. awesome headset. the battery life is pretty long. it feels really light on your ear and the sound is excellent.some of these people must be going deaf or something because this thing can get loud. i never have the volume at max when i use this. and if this thing feels heavy on your ear, you must have ears the size of nickels. or you're using two of them on the same ear...i don't know.whenever i use this i sometimes forget i have them it until the unit rings... which makes me twitch because i'm not expecting a ring blasting thru my ear.i hate:-wind noise. you can't carry a conversation when you're driving with the windows down. or walking and the wind blowing in your face.-voice dialing may or may not work.-it makes my phone hang and reset. but that could be a phone problem in general.-30 feet? more like 10. 15 at best.
i tried this out because my old bluetrek that i loved died.  actually, i killed it when i forgot where it was and sat on it.  i was impressed with the advertised battery life, and took the plunge.  shouldn't have.  while it is supposed to work in a range of 33 feet, i found that if i merely put the phone on the opposite side of my body, the connection gets fickle.  you get lots of staticy noise if the phone is more than 2 feet from the earpiece and in a direct line of sight.  sort of defeats the purpose of the bluetooth technology, doesn't it?  and the static is not just in your end; my girlfriend complained about it more than i really even heard it.  so if yo get this, be prepared to anger your party on the other line.  on the plus side, the sound is nice and loud in th speaker.  that's about it.  try something else, like a bluetrek or motorola or something.  i am trying the motorola next.  this thing is trash.
i've had this headset for about a month now and at first i was very satisfied. i like the shape, it's comfortable enough to wear all day (and i wear it from 7:30 a.m. to about 9:00 p.m.), and the battery lasts almost forever. the headset loads into the charger like a knife into its sheath. the charger even has an accessory belt clip so you can carry it with you as a holster for the headset. the sound is loud and clear unless you drive with your windows down, and the ear gel can be adjusted to put the sound right where you want it. so why 4 stars?my only complaint is that aside from being wearable on either ear, this headset is totally not adjustable. perhaps the shape of my face and/or ear is unusual, but the earpiece keeps pulling away from my ear. add to that the fact that the headset wants to work itself off my ear entirely, and the lack of adjustability is a problem for me. lest anyone wonder, i'm not a small person and my ears sit stylishly flat against my head.i solved the foregoing problems by cutting a heavy duty paperclip to length, bending it into the appropriate shape, and taping it to the headset with electrician's tape. then i bent the wire so that the earpiece fits snugly into my ear. as a bonus, the tape adds a little extra bulk around the upper loop of the headset, which helps hold everything in place. problem solved, but why not engineer some adjustibility in during design?i'd still buy it, no problem there, but i can't give it five stars because the lack of built-in adjustibility is, to me, a definite oversight.
i picked up this headset the other day and i'm relatively pleased with it. despite a few bad reviews, the sound quality is acceptable for making telephone calls and dicatation, though the sampling rate is obviously too low to listen to music with it. i easily paired it with a sony-ericsson t68i and my 15" powerbook running mac os x 10.3.8.my quick testing with ichat av was positive and it seems quite usable for use with an isight for the voice portion of a call. i also was able to set the sound output to the headset and am currently listening to some music with it, but the low sample rate and the fact that it isn't in stereo makes this only a novelty. nevertheless, it is still useful when a real pair of headphones are not available.the range, as mentioned in other reviews, isn't amazing, but was sufficient to move about an average-sized room and worked intermittently through a cinder block wall.it fit fairly comfortably on my ear and seems to easily hide, though is a bit cumbersome to put on at first. the multiple earpieces are also a plus. the dual charger/belt clip is an interesting idea, but seems to be poorly executed. it seems somewhat unstable, so i'm not sure i'd actually keep it on my belt. however, it might not be bad for riding around clipped to something inside of my backpack.all in all, it's not a bad device, though there is certainly some room for improvement. i'd probably buy it again, having used it for a little while.
the light works exactly as expected.  as long as you are using your headset then the light will indicate that you are on the phone.  i do wish that the lights were a little brighter, or possibly multicolored.  we have an individual in the office that is color blind to red, so that would have been a nice touch.also for obvious reasons, if you are using your handset, this light is not on.  i wish that the lifter had a feature that recognized when the handset was lifted by hand.  but that is a wish, not a product defect.overall, i am happy with this device.
plug it in, stick it high on the wall above you, tape a post-it "on phone when lit" and you're done.nobody's bothered me since!  the nice thing is even lifting the headset from the cradle activates the lights, so i can choose to avoid being disturbed even when i'm not on the phone.
if you don't have your own office and/or you have co-workers who have a tendency of indiscriminately interrupting, pointing to flashing lights will effortlessly embarrass them into not interrupting you when you are on the phone!  in my case i bought the light as a courtesy to my co-workers; i am the first one in the office to wear a headset and they were uncomfortable approaching me whenever i was wearing it.  now there is no question whether i am on the phone or not.  easy to install, plug into lifter and place for greatest visibility (cord is about 5 feet long, secure with screw or double stick "squares").
this item is awesome.  the two drawbacks are:1) the random light patterns are just weird, i wish i could set it to just one pattern, or to just blink regularly, or to just be on when the phone is engaged.2) plantronics' website lists this as compatible with all of their wireless headsets, however it is not compatible with their cs60-usb.  so when i moved to a soft-phone, i had to give up this gem.
easy to use and set up, works reliably, but in my workplace people walk in and see me facing away from the door, don't notice the light and start talking to me while i'm on the headset. i'd like to see plantronics come out with a brighter or larger led version, but otherwise, it works as advertised... now about those darn co works that don't pay attention to it, i don't know how to fix that!
magnetic mounting is a joke.  it is guaranteed to fall over, scratch your roof and generally be a pain in the buttocks.i wish this antenna were offered with a nmo mount.  it would be very nice to mount this securely, and well worth the trouble and effort to achieve a good mechanical and electrical connection to an auto roof.
this antenna works well but the mini is better.  the main complaint is the wind whistels through the coil, so it must be set way back on the roof.  no sound from the mini dual band version and just as good reception.update 5-28-10: actually, the mini has much better reception
the only thing was that i wish the cable was like 5 ft longer. it doesn't exactly reach where i want it to go with out an extension.
i tried a yagi antenna with my repeater, but never got a signal. i finally put this up on my metal (ground plane) roof. 2 or 3 bars inside, even though a phone outside in the same place has only 1 bar. downgraded some because everything wilson makes requires an adapter to plug into something else. be sure you get the right adapter.
amazon continues to ship this antenna with the wilson electronics sleek booster, and it is not the right antenna. wilson has told them many times they are shipping the wrong antenna but they continue to do it. this was very frustrating and caused me a lot of grief as i was not able to get on the internet for a week due to amazon's problem. i am returning the whole package to amazon even though wilson electronics was able to send me an adapter in the next week or so, but the primary reason i purchased this product was to use over the holidays where the place we were staying had little reception.  not being able to use my smartphone hot spot really made me angry.  there is not excuse for this as amazon has been told many times by wilson electronics that they are sending customers the wrong product.
i needed a second antennae for my wilson sleek cell booster so i could leave one with my vehicle and the other at my weekend residence for convenience. this antennae matched with the sleek booster exceeded my expectations for strengthening a weak cell signals where i often find myself.
this was definitely easy to install. it can be removed and transferred from one vehicle to another. adds just enough gain to work great.
very please with the antenna but had to buy extra adaptor for it to fit my booster. should have a bit more info.
they claim this works for sprint pcs but i got one for my virgin mobile mc760 and it won't pick up any signal! in fact it actually makes the signal weaker!  i have to put the mc760 in a window to get a decent signal so i thought putting an antenna on the roof would be better but when i plug it into the mc760 the signal strength goes down! i tried connecting it to a spectrum analyzer to check but it doesn't get any signals compared to another cellphone antenna that does receive. i tried emailing wilson but they weren't any help. another problem was the cheaply made adapter that connects the proprietary fme connector on the antenna cable and plugs into the mc760. i had to try 3 of them before i got one that would work. the first one had bad threads and wouldn't go on all the way, the second one had a loose center pin that pushed back in when i tried to connect it. the third one finally did fit correctly but there was still no signal. i don't see how wilson can get away with selling worthless junk antennas like this, they must get a lot of consumer fraud complaints. i'm sending this useless antenna back for a refund.i purchased a wilson 301101 trucker antenna, mounted it on a magnetic base for a cb antenna and stuck it on the roof and it works great. this one must have been defective.
this didn't do much for me. unfortunately, it may not be the blame. ironically, i have a home repeater system after trying a couple of quick fixes (i thought). this was an upgrade to a combination home and mobile solution i tried first before realizing the specific product to get the results i needed for my whole house solution. so in the mobile world, i'm sure this would be helpful. it is the system as a whole that needs to be configured to a need which includes area of coverage, location, type of usage, cell frequency and more. so in putting a system together, for a whole home solution, you'd be wise to call on the manufacturer rather than putting pieces together which may not 'fit' the performance or compatibility of the other components in the system.
this headset was a piece of junk right out of the box. i had nothing but problems with it and threw it away after the first day.
i have been using the hs810 for 9 months now. i was initially very impressed because of the small size and its being relatively stable with a number of different phones. (the early blue tooth standard isn't really as "standard" as one might hope!) however, it has proven rather fragile. within 2 months the plastic case began breaking next to and inside the hinge for the on/off switch.  did not impact usability so i didn't care.  for the last several months it has been hard to get a good connection witht he charger (several of my colleagues are having similar problems).  the headset has recently become useless because the main body of the case has cracked. i keep the unit in my briefcase, so i don't know why it is proving as fragile as it has.  if you can use it (or the similar hs850) with some assurance that it will not be crushed, it is a good choice.  otherwise, i suggest looking at other designs.
on the positive side the battery life is good.the negatives i'll split into ergonomics, sound and rf performance.ergonomics: it's secure on my big ears, but as others have mentioned that seal is nothing more than marketing and window dressing. there aren't many ear mounted devices that i can get on with at all, so if you have big ears this may be for you.sound: received sound is weak at best, if you don't have good hearing this isn't going to work for you. transmitted sound is also weak, apparently, i have to accept what others tell me. if i want to talk quietly i have to use the phone, the headset forces me to talk loudly so that i can be heard. noise cancelling is non-existant, if it was supposed to have any. the draught from the ac vents on the car is enough to cause callers to complain.rf: with the v505 it takes an unreasonable amount of time for the headset and the phone to get it together. you can't answer the phone by switching the headset on when you hear it ringing, by the time it's connected to the phone the call is in voicemail. received audio is ok, but whenever i used the headset i am told that i sound very digitized. as a communications engineer i believe that some people need a serious talking to over the bluetooth performance.all in all i'd keep looking, which is why i'm browsing headsets now.in ten years i really haven't yet found a "good" headset, nothing approaching the standard of the military and aviation headsets i used to use, like comparing a zx80 to a 3ghz dell pentium 4. perhaps i just have unreasonable expectations, but if i could actually get a headset with good audio and good noise cancelling i'd pay a couple of hundred bucks. a decent noise cancelling headset will let you talk in a normal voice while standing between the exhausts of a 1500hp tank engine.
this might be the most comfortable bluetooth headset out therehowever, i've been very upset with connection speeds and call volumemost people say that they can hear me very well ----- however, the connection speeds take forever to establish ---- in addition, the call volume is simply too low to even use it regularlyi use a treo 650 --- i've heard that this headset works excellently with moto products - your mileage may vary.....update: i have also tried the moto 850 ---- sadly, it is really no better than the 810 --- there are some volume improvements, but the volume is simply too low on my treo 650 ---- i recommend the scala 500
i have had this headset for several months now, and not liking much about this headset other than its long battery life. this headset works ok, but the sound quality is poor and it does not function well in conditions other than perfect, ie. no background or wind noise, and very close to handset. i do like the feature of the headset turning off, when boom mike closed because thats where the battery savings comes from. other than that i find nothing redeeming about this headset, i believe motorola will discontinue this model because of its severe flaws.
this headset was purchased to replace two crappy jabra freespeaks.  this is very small, but unlike the goldlatern bluetreks or the jabra, does not hide its mass well; it all sits right outside your ear, and in completely inconspicuous.  with my old bluetrek and even the jabra, my hair hid most of it, which for me is a plus, as i do not use bluetooth headsets to impress people or get atttention; i don't want peoples attention and questions.which is this headsets only drawback - it has this huge, blue orb-like light on it that takes up the whole front of the piece.  you will attract attention with this headset on.  it blinks in standby, it blinks when in operation, it blinks all the dang time.  but, if you can get passed that, it does work pretty well.  the sound is a little tinny, but pretty clear.  and unlike all my other bluetooth headsets, the headset volume only operates the headset, and doesn't link to the phone volume - this means that you have more adjustability for volume level and loudness, which is good.  the mic seems really good - no complaints from those on the other end, basically.  and the battery life isn't too ugly at 5 hours.  and the ear anchor could be a little more rigid and smaller for smaller ears, but it will do as long as you are not jogging around constantly.
this product appears to be a genuine original equipment blackberry car charger.  it has the blackberry name and logo on it.  the plate on the bottom of the cigarette lighter plug of the unit states that the electric output is 5 volts, 500ma (500 milliamperes or .5 ampere).  the plate on the wall charger packaged with a new blackberry 8800 states that the wall charger output is 5 volts, .75 ampere.  thus, it appears that the car charger produces two thirds the electrical charge produced by the wall charger (.5 vs. .75 amp.)this car charger is used with a blackberry 8800 and has performed admirably and without any problems.  it costs a fraction of the price charged by at&t; ($29.99), apparently for the same product.
since bb battery does not last too long, i plug in my bb car charger into my bb every time i'm in my car. this keeps my bb charged all day long. a must for every bb owner out there.
love it works great never had a issue with it at all would buy a million more ifi needed them
it works fine. i like it if i have any problems i will update you.
i have been using my blackberry curve for almost 2 years and only 3 times have i been able to run the battery to empty in one day. this car charger works as you would expect it to so if you're more addicted to your blackberry then i am (and i am fairly glued to mine) this charger will keep your thumbs moving even longer then they probably should :) .
i bought this to fit inside a kit that creates a storage space below my car stereo.  the pad has good grip on an ipod, my phone, and a couple pens while sticking to the smooth plastic.
these things are great and work for a lot of areas, not just the car.  i actually use them on my art table to keep my items from moving that i use.
works great
this pad is extremely unreliable in that it does not stick to my dash and is very poorly made. one thing i will say is my wallet and phone have not fallen from the pad. unfortunately, the pad moves all around.
not only is this sticky pad great to keep things from sliding but you can trim it to fit an area or 'shelf' on the dash.
this pad is really good it works for the porpuse that is described, obvisly of you put something really big or something too round, it is going to fall with any movement of the car, but for the phone, glases, coints, some small papers, etc. it works and is really easy to remove and replace in any part of the car board. highly recomendable.note: it also looks nice in black car boards.
nice sticky pad to keep my phone and glasses from sliding across the dash when i turn. how many time have i done that when i take them off to look for a paper or phone charger when driving. its a bad habit but so is reaching for the glasses across the car and still be driving, but no more.
i put this sticky pad on top of a cup holder cover i have on my honda accord 2010. i tend to put ipods or my cellphone there and whenever the car moves it slides out and falls to the car's floor. using this sticky pad, it prevents that for me.it is easy to remove if you decide to get rid of it altogether. you don't have to stick it permanently on any part of your car.things that don't bother me about it but should be noted.it doesn't stay on the cover that well.its like it could fall off if there was enough dust between it and the cover.just like any other sticky thingie, this thing can easily collect dust. it looks like you can just wash it off though. i haven't tried.update:yep you can just pull it off, wash it, dry it properly (overnight) and put it back where it was.i bought a 2nd one so that i can put stuff on the dashboard now. so i can use the cupholder.
item was purchased for spouse.  was not what he really wanted, but the item does work for the most part.
i always have triable keeping my phone from moving when in my sports car. i like to keep my phone close to my hands and this sticky pad allows me to do exactly that even when i make a sharp turn. the phone alway stays in place. if it gets a bit dusty, you can wash it and is as good as new again.
works as advertised.  it's a tacky pad that is non-adhesive and keeps stuff from sliding around on the dashboard.  problem with the iphone (4s) is that the back is a flat panel of gorilla glass and does not lift easily off the sticky pad.  instead, it tends to lift the sticky pad off the dashboard by sticking itself to the back of the iphone.  i'm sure the problem would be solved by using an iphone cover, but then if i did i wouldn't need the sticky pad at all.
i did take off a star in the rating because products like these are marketed in a slightly exaggerated way.there's nothing &#34;sticky&#34; about the product.  the pad is made of a specific material that is able to hold the objects in place while you're driving.  it's not perfect, but for the simple task of holding a cellphone, sunglasses, loose change, perhaps your ez-pass, it will do the trick.i place a camcorder there to film road trips, and for the most part, it stays put.  like any other product of this type, if you off-road, drive over unpaved roads, or you intentionally drive abnormally, the contents of the pad may not stay put.summary:  just drive normally, and you won't have a problem.
i keep one of these at my office desk and one at home. it provides a great place to locate my cell phone or bluetooth stereo speaker. no clanging when i lay the items down. no strange echo vibrations from hard surfaces. and no vibrating off the counter - which had happened before without the pad.
even though the package and description stated there was no adhesive, there certainly was a white backing too remove and place on dash . i felt the item was very thin, and to the touch not sticky at all. there were no groves as competing products and the part that faced up that was supposed to attract and "stick" was smooth. overall, i was not impressed.
i bought 10 of these.  they are the worst product i have ever used.  they do not work as advertised.  nothing sticks to them
she used to keep her cell in the side door pocket and was always missing calls & messages, but problem solved.has never fallen off.
i bought a similar one @ a local store & was surprised how well it held my phone, my sons phone & ipod.  i pd almost $6 & it is 1/2 the size of this one.  i needed another one & it looked bigger. wow!! it's bigger, i have a. portable fan even on one of these!!  i loved it so much, i bought another one. warning.... this has nothing to do w/ the product itself, but if u use this for your phone, ipod & it's hot outside & u have this on ur dashboard... do not put your phone or ipod on it!! my phone over heated!!!! thank goodness it ok my phone.... but u live & learn. i also keep loose change on it... glasses... small toys stay too!!!!  enjoy !!
like so many other reviewers, i had this think outside stowaway "collecting dust" as i had bought it for an older phone.  i was actually looking on amazon for a foldable keyboard and came across this and these reviews.  so i found my stowaway (quicker than i thought i might!), did not load the software that came with it (as the instructions tell you to do), but just decided to see if it would sync with my playbook.  first, of course, i had to put 2 aaa batteries in it and, voila, it worked!!!  i am a happy camper!!!  as another reviewer said, it is surprising that some other manufacturer hasn't continued this concept in folding keyboards.
i just paired this with my hisense sero pro and it works great. i've tried many portable keyboards but none with this build quality and keyboard comfort. truly feels like a real keyboard that folds up small. the stand holds my 7 inch tablet well. no more lugging around my laptop. this is all i need.
i bought this keyboard when it was first released back in 2005 took it out today to test it with the idea of selling it. but after installing it on my current device (verizon xv6800 running windows mobile 6.1), i decided i liked it too much to sell. i forgot how much i liked this keyboard. i'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because of two annoyances:1. the numbers are accessible only through function keys - a bit of a pain. i would have preferred another row of keys. it wouldn't have added that much size or weight.2. when the keyboard is open, it's supported in the middle by what becomes the case and the ends extend on either side like wings. if you are a slow typist, this is fine. but i'm a fast typist and i tend to hit the the keys pretty hard so the keyboard tips from side to side when i type. really irritating. i fixed this by making two little supports from stacked cardboard glued together. i stick these under the "wings" and that solves the problem.here's where i got the latest driver released for the device (it's no longer supported by igo):[...]this driver is for windows mobile 5, but it works on my mobile 6.1 device. :)you must install the driver in main memory - not a storage card. if you install it on a storage card, it won't work.after i installed the driver, the configuration utility suggested that i upgrade the keyboard's firmware. i thought this wouldn't work since the keyboard is no longer supported by igo, but to my surprise, it did - my firmware was updated from 1.1 to 1.2.the previous reviewer said he had to use the pointing stick to send email. that's because he didn't know the keyboard shortcut for send: alt-s.the keyboard folds up very small and compact and it's very light-weight - not a big deal to carry it around along with my smartphone. no more picking at the tiny on-screen keyboard when i want to send email from my phone!
the keyboard will connect to an iphone 3gs with ios 4 but will not reconnect automatically.i did the ctrl + lft fn + rt fn keys and the light on the keyboard starts flashing.  then check the bluetooth on the iphone and it discovers the keyboard.  then when you pair it the iphone will ask you to enter a 4 digit code and press enter on the keyboard.  that part works perfectly.then you can use the keyboard on the iphone 3gs.  but when you close the keyboard and the bluetooth connection is broken, it will not reconnect when you open the keyboard back up.  i tried pressing keys and waiting.  i checked the bluetooth status on the iphone and it shows not connected.  no matter what i do it will not reconnect.  i have to manually re-pair the keyboard and phone to get it to work.  that makes the keyboard completely useless on the iphone 3gs with ios4.  there is a video posted on youtube where another person had the same problem.if anyone was able to get it to work properly with an iphone 3gs with ios4, please let me know how you were able to do it.
the driver for this device completely broke my treo 650, fortunately i have sprint's insurance plan so i was able to get a replacement treo. i used the latest driver from the thinkoutside website. if you have a treo do not get this device.
this is a great bluetooth keyboard that is very compact and easy to use. it does work for android and idevices and has a shelf for you device to rest on so you can see the screen while you type.
the igo stowaway ultra-slim bluetooth keyboard is truly portable.  running on two aa batteries, you can easily carry spares around.  only gripe about this product is that it lacks a dedicated number row (for 1 to 0).  else, it would be perfect.
i just love this keyboard. i've used it with my htc and now with my unlocked iphone using btstack keyboard from cydia. the only issue is that it really needs an extra row of keys. the numbers and symbols are placed on the top row of letters (where the letters qwertyuiop are in the keyboard). to access a number, you need to press the left function key and the corresponding letter. to type a symbol, you need to press the right function key and the corresponding letter. i work in finance and many of my annotations need numbers and symbols, like 10% for example. for that, it takes a long time. i find it easier to type "ten pc" instead of 10%.i'll buy a new keyboard just for that. but besides this, the keyboard is just amazing. so if you don't need your numbers and symbols too often, i really recommend it.
first off, i have had this product since 2007 and was fortunate to catch it at a great bargain!!  since then, i have not had one problem with it except when i forget to change the batteries!i have been able to successfully pair and use this keyboard with originally a samsung i760, then a htc touch pro 2 and now my motorola xoom tablet.  i was surprised that i didn't even have to download drivers, it worked once i simply paired it.not having number dedicated keys was a sacrifice but i can type memos, emails or simply work on a novel at anytime conveniently by having this portable keyboard.  the keyboard itself is very durable and has a sturdy feel when you are typing.
i purchased this product to send over to my wife who is on a trip, and complained about typing on a blackberry. i thought i better install it before sending it after her, so i could guide her along. no pc where she is, so i tried to download as advertised. result: page not found.company advised that since this is a discontinued item (?) they took down the support pages.this would not be an issue normally - you can install the driver from a pc.it is the principle that a company can maintain a manufacturer's description while not the web page to support the claim...you know a manufacturer is a scumbag when their feedback/survey link gives you an error message back...if any doubts read the blackberry link from the bottom of the review page, or click on the one star reviews. a shame
it seems that this keyboard acts a little like those gold fish you bring home in a plastic bag from the pet shop.  you have to put the whole bag in the tank until it acclimates to it's new surroundings.  i went from wanting to love the thing for the sheer coolness factor....to boxing it up to send back when it wouldn't sync to my axim x50v....to giving it another chance and after it was good and ready to work flawlessly, i now love it again.  the keyboard is smaller than standard but very useable.  it's great for writing a longer e-mail, inputting contacts, or writing a letter in word, when you don't want to peck at the screen with your stylus endlessly.  the construction feels solid and opening and closing is a snap.  pun intended. the only major flaw is with the cradle that holds your pda.  it is removable which is the desired use to space the pda a little further away from you.  but the feet that clip it to the keyboard just don't want to let go.  the plastic it's made out of doesn't seem especially robust and i feel certain it will snap off eventually.  also the curved lower part of the cradle that holds your axim, et al, is a little under developed and if bumped will readily jettison what it's holding.  other than that it works very well and never ceases to make me grin when everyone passing your table at starbucks has to stop and ask you about it. i previously gave it one star, but now that it's acclimated and working i give it 4 only because of the cradle shortcoming or else it would have been a full 5.  i know it shows one star, but amazon wholdn't allow me to edit the scale.
great sturdy design in every aspect. after pairing, it features flawless instant connection to your device every time you open it. a keeper for long, its quality shows it'll last for ages.i just wish igo would start working on supporting windows mobile 6. it does perform as a keyboard should and it does carry out it's core functionality; but, i can't find the drivers for my device or any other wm6 device for that manner. i am currently using similar ones which, though do allow the device to work, don't allow all function keys to carry their purpose or softkey support to be accurate.
i have infrared (ir) keyboards to use with my palm treo 650 and palm tx. they don't work very well, at least not for me. i had major problems with lag: characters i typed simply didn't make it to the screen.taking a chance, i bought the stowaway bluetooth keyboard . . . and i am very, very impressed.set-up is very quick and stowaway's set-up software is simple to use. reading the short user's manual (not the brief quick start) is a must. the learning curve isn't steep, but because the keyboard is intended as a "universal" device, tweaks have to be made for using it with palm or pocket pc devices.once set up, the keyboard performs superbly well. every key i struck showed up immediately onscreen. i have large hands and i was concerned that i would encounter many typos because of my large fingers. i needn't have worried. the keys have a firm touch and the spacing is wide enough to keep typos to a miniumum. because of the immediate feedback provided by bluetooth, i felt no tendency to go back and retype because the character didn't show up. i had no idea that the ir keyboard with its lag was causing me to do that so much.others have commented about instability because the ends of the keyboard are essentially unsupported. at first this struck me as a design flaw, but within a few minutes this is easily compensated for. i had little difficulty with my keystrokes causing the keyboard to rock.some have also complained about devices slipping off the minimal stand provided. i had no problems with the treo 650 or palm tx.finally a number of people have complained that there is no fifth row for entry of numbers. you have to use a function key + number combination or you can set the keyboard to number lock. if you have to enter a lot of numeric data, the complaints are justified. on the other hand, for people like me who have limited need for numeric entry, it is an inconvenience, but not a major one. i'm happy to trade a fifth row for numerics for the small size of the unit.construction of the unit is typical for many of today's products. it's plastic with some metal, but overall it does not feel like it is built like a tank. on the other hand, it doesn't feel overy flimsy either. time and use will tell how well the unit stands up.overall, this unit makes it eminently possible to use handheld devices like the treo 650 and palm tx for serious typing. i was surprised to find that i could type almost as rapidly on this keyboard as i can on a full-sized unit. the stowaway bluetooth keyboard is a very slick piece of work and well worth the cost for anyone who wants to use their smartphone or pda for typing more than a few words.
once you get a keyboard for your pda / smart phone, you won't go back. this keyboard communicates via bluetooth and does a great job at turning your small device into a productive tool you won't want to be without. i use this keyboard with my palm tx and it does a fabulous job during meetings - it's small (smaller than a notebook), very portable and reliable. the entire keyboard as well as my palm pda fits into the pant pocket of my cargo pants / shorts. you really can't get much more portable than that.to use you invoke a 3-button key combination to help it initiate contact with your device. once connected, you'll be off and running. my palm tx will only stay on at 1-3 minute intervals so the only thing i don't like about this combination is that i have to keep hitting a key once in a while so my palm doesn't shut off. this of course is a design flaw of the tx and not reflective of the keyboard.
this keyboard fills my left pocket and my "ultra mobile pc phone" fills my right pocket.  this keyboard allows me to type at normal speed on a device i can keep in my pocket, and i was astonished to see that it would have even worked for text messaging on my older phone, the nokia n-gage.  if you have any htc phone or any phone that supports bluetooth or this keyboard, or even a pda, i highly recommend this product, although it is costly.  pair it with anything that can run textmaker office for windowsmobile and you have a meeting powerhouse in your pocket that can tackle the best college note taking in a much more mobile manner than a laptop, since you don't need to take it out of a bag, plug it in, and otherwise waste time.  i also suggest pairing it with the mouse by the same company for the same purpose.
i have an older pda (dell axim x50) and this keyboard works great! the connection is bluetooth and was easy to set up.  it is compact when folded up and very light, yet feels fairly sturdy and responsive when typing.
the igo bluetooth keyboard works great. the only complaint is the extreme left and right tips a little when typing.
for the money, this is a great item and a must have for mobile road warriors. i am using the igo keyboard with a blackberry curve (8300).like others have said, there is a nasty sticker that covers both the outside cover and the keys that may never completely come off. when peeling it off the keys, it feels like the keys will rip off their fragile posts.also, as is common with bluetooth, getting the two devices to communicate with one another can be tricky. i haven't used it a lot yet, so maybe i haven't figured out the right combination of button presses. but i hate when things don't simply "work."the keyboard is fairly solid and certainly easy to type on, especially if you're accustomed to typing on a laptop. the keys are marked with several shortcut functions to launch tasks or apps.this is a great item for anyone who wants a lightweight substitute for traveling with a laptop. while sitting in a hotel room checking e-mail, this is all you need.
i purchased this keyboard so that i could start doing some serious word processing on my treo 650, and i've been absolutely pleased!first off, the keyboard does not come with the treo 650 driver --- you must download this driver off of think outside's websitehowever, downloading the driver is easy, and from there, you can sync it to your treo, or email it, in an attachment, to itonce the drive is installed, the keyboard is flawless!my biggest complaint about bluetooth keyboards is that they lag, as you type ---- but this is not the case with the stowaway --- every key i pressed showed up instantly upon my treo 650so far, it has worked terrificly with my address book, calendar, and email (versamail)in addition, the keyboard folds together well and is extremely thin and portable ---- i don't know if you could carry it in a pocket - but a backpack, briefcase, etc will not feel any extra weight with this productlastly - these keyboards are small --- i wish the delete key was bigger (as i often make typos) but nonetheless, i'm very happy, and certainly, typing on this quicker than the phone's keyboardhighly recommended!happy typing! happy buying!
originally created for use with palm devices, the igo stowaway ultra-slim bluetooth keyboard for pdas and handhelds is still among the best folding, nearly full-sized bluetooth keyboards available. its metal case and relatively simple folding mechanism result in a durable product that has given me years of reliable service. the keyboard feels great; the throw of the keys is nice and tactile feedback is on a par with many laptop keyboards. my fingers are none too slim and they easily fit on to this keyboard. like many of us, these days, i'm a touch typist and i find using this keyboard as comfortable as any i might find, particularly on most laptop computers. i've owned a couple of these - not because they wear out (i still own and use the first one i purchased, nearly a decade ago) - but because i find it's useful to have one at my bedside and another in my gear bag.powered by aaa batteries makes it easy to operate. there's no proprietary power source or charging system required. it sips power, too; i find it lasts and lasts on a pair of nimh rechargeable batteries.pairing with a phone or other device is very simple. however, my symbian phones do not handle this as they should any authorized peripheral. i have to manually connect; i cannot just turn the keyboard on and start to type, in order to get the keyboard and phone to connect. i suspect this a deficiency with the symbian os and not with the keyboard.the folding stand is very useful and fits a variety of devices of roughly phone-size, in either a portrait or landscape configuration.even without its zippered case, this keyboard travels very nicely and has a durable aluminum shell.why didn't i give this a perfect 5-star rating? the keypad is available, i think, only with the functions of the old palm os mapped on to the keys. it doesn't undermine the use of the keyboard with other operating systems, but can sometimes be distracting that the keys are printed with functions either not available on your phone's operating system or the keys cannot actually perform that function.i find it very unfortunate that most so-called "smart phones" do not support mapping special functions on to bluetooth keyboards. admittedly, this is not a shortcoming of the keyboard itself. phone manufacturers are simply more interested in equipping their systems with eye-candy and games, rather than the kinds of productivity enhancements which might make their devices more useful to those of us who try to rely upon them to aid is in our work and home lives.it is astonishing to me that this keyboard isn't more popular and being emulated by other manufacturers. it would be terrific if it were to ship with software that could enable ios, android, and symbian devices to map functions to its keys.i highly recommend this keyboard, if you are looking for a durable, reliable, and comfortable folding bluetooth keyboard for your handheld device.
it is so funny watching text fly into my t-mobile sda smartphone (aka imate sp5m or htc tornado) using the stowaway keyboard. this keyboard is all class: just like a laptop keyboard, with the same spring to the keys, quality, durability and lovely looks to boot.entering numbers is get-used-to'able, however symbols such as () and & or % can be a major pain, due to the fact that a) you have to use "custom" key commands using ctrl, fn1 and fn2 buttons and b) if you are an experienced typer, you "already know" the "motion" for & or * or (), and you'll find yourself doing them! (meaning you are incorrect, on this keyboard)that said, entry is obviously very fast and natural as this is a proper keyboard, just with some multi-purposed keys requiring key combos.the only solution is to force yourself through it and just do it. you will get used to it, just like you got used to fast touch-typing.anyhow, this thing is a gem for hammering out quick sms text messages, etc. i mean no more "click-click-click, clack-clack, click-click-click-click, clack-clack" to type out a single four-letter word. nothing feels quite like that lol!this thing will fit easily in a purse and will fit in a men's pant pocket. i wear shorts, pants, etc. and it fits fine.the keyboard clicks are quite silent. i use this in class to quicly type out extensive class notes, as i can type far faster (and more legibly) than i can hand-write.the case is durable sandblasted aluminum (like my old minidisc player) and the detachable device stand is sweet! i use it all the time to put my phone on one of those little chair-mounted desks in class, and type in my lap. sweet!anyhow, is this thing essential? i mean, i kinda hate not having a notebook around when in, say, a statistics class with graphs and stuff...you can't draw graphs with this thing very well. however, for text-based notes in a college setting, this thing is well worth it. a smartphone as above and a keyboard, and you have one of the major functions of a laptop, but without having to carry a laptop. just the phone you'd have anyways, and this flat little thing.note: if you have troubles reconnecting this thing, use the bluetooth connect on your phone first, then use the special driver provided by think outside to finish the connection. two part process.in all, i am a college student and i wish i did not have to pay over $80 for this unit (why can't they make it for $30?), but in the end this thing is slightly sweeter than it's price, so it's worth it.
i struggled with trying to get this thing to work with my blackberry 8700g for some time.  i even selected and downloaded a driver that was listed for blackberry devices on the product web site.  after a lot of frustration, i finally got my blackberry to pair with the keyboard, but it would still not recognize it when i tried to get it to link to it.  i contacted igo product support and they informed me that: "unfortunately, we do not have a driver for that device currently."  so, i ended up wasting a lot of time on this keyboard that is supposedly "for blackberry and other pda/handhelds."by the way, the carton itself does not state that it works with blackberry devices, only with smartphones.  a fairly obscure barcode sticker on the back does indicate, in small letters, that it also works for blackberry.  in my case, though, back it goes, which really is a shame because i like the quality of the item otherwise and i am sure i could have made good use of it.  in the mean time, i guess i'll keep looking.lastly, i also agree with the other reviewer who vented about the stupid sticker they place on the unit.  it is glued to the keyboard and to the front surface and is quite a pain to remove.
i bought this to work with a palm t3, years ago. they never produced good palm drivers so it was pretty much worthless. it's been sitting in a drawer for five years and some of the keys stick, but they can be prised up with the corner of a credit card. the keyboard syncs cleanly with an ipad 2 and, if you can tolerate the way it rocks back and forth as you type, it works fine.
it always worries me when devices like this are still being sold at retail, while third party sellers are able to sell them for under what wholesale would seem to be for the stated retail price. usually this reflects a liquidation by the manufacturer. but sometimes that allows you to try a gadget that you otherwise might not be able to afford. and if you need the gadget for its originally designed purpose, it may well be just what you want, despite being obsolescent. it is pure speculation on my part, but i believe that the market need now requires f1-f12 keys and this device does not have them.i've considered pda keyboards before but they always impressed me as flimsy junk, not possibly able to stand up to the rigors of travel or even more than occasional use. this one is different - i believe that if i put it in its little paddded bag it could go into my black bag and come out after 6 trips, two weeka later, in the same shape, ready to go when i needed it.  the aluminum construction seems as solid as it poaaibly can for a folding device.when i look at the support forums for the device on the manufacturer's web site, i see that people are asking about support for portable windows devices.  this keyboard has no traditional windows function keys (originally f1-f10, now (and for many years) f1-f12) [sidebar: why 12?  because that is how many the ibm 3270, a special purpose mainframe terminal used by the designers had] and without those you probably can't use it effectively with windows. i paired it with my laptop, and i was able to use it as a keyboard, without special drivers.  probably, with a great free program called anyhotkey i could get it to simulate the sending of pfks using extra non-momentary shifts, but why?  a wireless or wired full sized keyboard is what you need on a system like this.i had no trouble getting used to left (blue) function shifting for numbers and right (green) function shifting for top line punctuation, although i wish the silk screening had been against an ivory background and not the gunmetal grey one.  while it might be possible for a driver to use multiple shifts to simulate f1-f12, what then about shifted keys? if the shift to get f4 includes a chord with the alt key, how would you then type alt-f4? the only possible way i could see was if this was something that you got by pushing both blue and green shifts and the top line, but if you then accidentally hit cntl, you'd put the keyboard into pairing mode.so i believe that they are, as i write this, available at a great price for their intended market - palm pdas, some smartphones, and such. but not having function keys limits this keyboard's future, specifically windows mobile devices that can be used with a full bluetooth keyboard won't be fully functional when you use this device as a keyboard.one other thing that i did was to try it with my ps3.  works great, and the ps3 does not use f1-f12, so this is probably the perfect occasional use keyboard for the ps3 - you can text with it, or type addresses if you are surfing, or use it for naming things without having to have a full sized keyboard wired to the ps3 (or a full sized bluetooth keyboard taking up space). nothing special, i just paired it and then typed the number the ps3 gave me on its screen.my main use for this is as a keyboard formy palm t|x. i downloaded the drivers and synced the t|x.  i then went through setting up a secure connection. the only thing that i do not like (and i am not sure what to do about it) is that whenever i want to use the keyboard, i can't just open it up and start using it. i have to open it, go to applications, start the keyboard application, go into bluetooth configuration, tell it to connect, dismiss the warning that the keyboard has to be paired in the device list, and then do the cntl-greenfn-bluefn chord to make the keyboard discoverable. then it connects and the keyboard works, and i can change to another application and the keyboard still works.this needs to be done often enough that i made an input area icon (the touchscreen areas that allow you to immediately bring up an application) start the keyboard app.i believe that this is an issue with the way the palm os works. other systems don't seem to need this manual restart of the drivers.once that is done, so long as the palm does not need to be reset, the keyboard will work as soon as it comes on - so long as you do not use another bluetooth device. according to the release notes, the palm bluetooth support can only talk to one device at a time. if the keyboard is unused, it will power down after a couple minutes. but when you touch a key, it will resume communications immediately, without going through the menu. no, it is not a full sized keyboard, and there are some compromises, but it has a really good feel, even compared to many full sized keyboards i own.when one opens the keyboard, the first thing to do is to extend the palmtop support. the little arm that the palmtop rests on is spring loaded, and pops past a stop - if you like it at that first stop, be careful to block the rest with your thumb. there is a release on one side to open the keyboard, a release on the top that holds the keyboard open and which needs to be released when you want to close it. just go slow.there is a single feedback light.  off? keyboard is not connected. fast blink? keyboard is ready to connect. slow blink? keyboard is connected. red? low battery.simple, easy to use, and works well. this is not a pc keyboard, and it is not a heavy stationary keyboard. for what it is sold for, it is best of breed.
i received the item in a timely manor, but the best thing about this product, was the outstanding response i received by the seller. it was an excellent purchase experience and excellent customer service.  i would buy from this seller again.  i was unable to make the item work with my blackberry 8310, and the seller provided me the opportunity to return it for a full refund, however, my life got busy and the time alloted to return it expired, but that's my fault and not the seller.
use it for my nokia n95-3 and it works very well.a bit bulky since its not really pocketable but fits in any bags for easy transport.great for using it on airplanes since it is small and will not take up the entire table.some keys are very touchy since i noticed that the "e" button will press twice.all in all a very nice product!
i have the version designed and manufactured for dell by think outside, inc.  it is the same as this product but the keys are black.  the keyboard works great.  the keyboard folds up flat and is about 4"x6" and it is thin.  it folds out to a full size keyboard, when opened the keyboard latches so it won't fold up when you are typing and the keys have a great feel.  loading the software to my axim x30 and configuring the keyboard went smoothly and although i am somewhat comfortable with technology  i am not a "techie" by any measure.  the bluetooth is great and there is no need to carry cables and wires and this option has worked well for me for the past two years.the only problem i have is with the stand.  the stand is made with very flimsy plastic; although the manual says that it is detachable i would recommend extreme caution. after two years of extremely careful treatment my stand broke.i don't know if think outside, inc. will sell me this plastic part (i plan to contact them) but dell does not stock or sell this part even though it is detachable; it does not take a genius to see that this part will not wear well.  after being transferred to four departments and then told to call their parts store the fifth dell customer service representative told me to either purchase a new keyboard for $99.00 or carry my cradle around.  this seems silly and wasteful.if you work from one location and can use your cradle to hold your pocket pc this is not an issue.  but if like me you purchased this for travel and portability and do not take your cradle with you this is a problem.so this is a great product with the above exception.  as a consumer i hope that manufacturers begin to learn that when you purchase something like this you expect quality.  it should not only work well but hold up under normal use and parts should be made available and easy to find.-feb. 21, 2006update:  i contacted think outside inc. through their website.  they sent me two replacement stands free of charge.  the customer service department was nice and i got the stands within three business days.  great customer service!-feb. 24, 2006another update:  i am still using the keyboard and it still works great and my replacement stand is holding up and i still have the extra they sent me.  i would purchase this again and i wish sellers like dell knew to direct customers who experienced the problem i did to think outside for replacement parts.  they had excellent customer service unlike dell (they wanted me to purchase another keyboard).-sept. 15, 2006
great ideal for a product, works perfectly and as advertised.  i just think its another item for the bag with the laptop when you are traveling.
works great with my moto q.  typing sound is annoying but easily turned off.i also caution that you should probably store the batteries uninstalled.  i put a brand new set of duracells in it and they were dead a month later with almost no use (just sitting in my briefcase)  i discovered this at the start of a 5 hour flight and fortunately was able to cannibalize a set from my mp3 player.  this only happened once so i can't say for sure that the keyboard sucked them dry.what really annoyed me was the "fold and unfold" sticker which had some sort of industrial adhesive.  what a stupid thing to use.  it took me 25 minutes with cleaning solvent to get that darn thing off.  also the black vinyl zippered pouch stinks like some toxic chemical.  if not for those two things i'd rate it 5 stars
long battery life, connects quickly to phone. phone callers can't even tell i am on a bt headset, no complaints of inablility to hear my voice will on a call. it is not for people with wide necks, does not stretch much. can slide back when active and the earphones are not in your ears. otherwise light, controls are easy to reach and distiguish. i have the similar lg hbs730 but prefer these due to the ease of finding the buttons you want but prefer the flexible neck of the lgs.
i have had an lg-700 for a few years, and i love it.  but i get complaints from people about the microphone picking up extraneous noises when i am on the phone in a supermarket, or working in the kitchen, so when it started to wear out, i tried this one.  well....this does have pretty good sound, but, the rigid frame for the "yoke" is a problem for this guy with a 17.5" neck.  and the location of the on/off switch is annoying (on the back).  plus, whereas the lg-700 has 6 buttons, this has 4, and the buttons are sorely missed for all of the needed functions of such a headset.  i often get the "equalization changed" message when i am trying to get siri to pop up...very annoying!  on the plus side, it does seem to connect to my iphone quickly, and the signal seems pretty stable.all in all, it is nice...but misses in a few ways.****************update:  after 3 weeks, i returned this to amazon.  the fit was just too annoying.  thank you amazon, for your great return policies!
pros:1) excellent call clarity and loudness both ways2) excellent for listening to music3) fits snugly and stays put around your neck while exercising (unlike the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730)4) feels much better than thelg electronics tone+ hbs-730 when in contact with your skincons:1) connectivity is not as good as with the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730, e.g., it does not connect to 2 devices as once and you have to first disconnect it from the device it's currently connected to before it connects to a new device. the lg does not have this annoying problem.2) the power button is located all the way in the back and it's awkward and difficult to power on or off,  unlike thelg electronics tone+ hbs-7303) does not vibrate when you receive a call4) does not have easily accessible buttons like the lg electronics tone+ hbs-7305) does not look as good as the lg electronics tone+ hbs-7306) does not announce the battery level like the lg7) the battery life is good but subpar to the lgoverall this bluetooth headset offers excellent sound quality (as good as you get with the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730) but overall it's very poorly and unintuitively designed compared with the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730 and does not have as good, seamless and versatile connectivityi've had both for about a month and the lg electronics tone+ hbs-730 is clearly the better headset overall.i will be returning this one mainly because i'm tired of the problematic connectivity and the very unintuitive design.
i bought these to replace my lg headset which kept dropping audio during phone calls.  the sound quality is very good.  it has a longer range than the lg. overall very pleased.  the software that runs the headset is not as advanced as the lg, it doesn't announce the battery level and it can only be connected to one device at a time.  when it announces it is connected, if two of your devices have bluetooth on at the same time, you don't know which one it is connected to because it does not identify the unit it is connected to.overall, though, i like them a lot.  the sound quality is very important to me and i wear them a lot when i am listening to programs on netflix and for my day-to-day phone use.
i have been a fan of the lg hbs series since the amazinghbs-700and also own thehbs-730and the newhbs-800.with the sf500, motorola has clearly taken a more than close look at the hbs series and attempted to improve on it. here's how i find these two compare:- battery life: moto wins. this thing keeps on going, and lasts even longer than the already amazing hbs-730. too bad the remaining battery life estimator is so inaccurate (it reports 4 hours remaining on a full charge, when it's much closer to 10)- convenience and durability: moto wins again. the buds sit tight around your neck and don't bounce. the cords are not as fragile on the lgs, and the magnets holding the earbuds are much stronger on the moto buds. unlike the hbs-730 and 800, the buds do not report their power level to the bluetooth host (the iphone shows a little bar next to the bluetooth icon indicating the battery status when you use the lg headphones). that's funny since the older sf600 have the feature.- ergonomy: lg wins big time. the button layout and functionality are intuitive and logical on the lg, and completely convoluted and inconvenient on the buds; on the buds, the same button is used for ff (one press) or rew (two presses); also, the power button on the lg is a sliding switch, whereas the buds use an electronic switch which makes it much more difficult to find out if your headset is on or off.- sound quality: i would rate the buds somewhere between the 700 and the 730; mostly, they lack bass and presence.- range: excellent, but the outlandish 150ft range advertised is only available when connected to a bluetooth class 1 device, and these are rare -- only featured on a few motorola phones as far as i could tell. when connected to a class 2 device (which most devices are) the range is 33ft like all other devices; i think motorola is a little disingenuous when advertising this extended range.in conclusion... they're not bad, and if the lg series didn't exist they would deserve 5 stars. however, considering they're a blatant rip-off of a successful concept, it's disappointing that motorola improved on some of the flaws of the hbs series (mostly the cord durability and the magnet strength) but failed to pick up on the ergonomy (button layout, power switch).which one should you pick? in my opinion, the cheapest one you can find, unless you need to connect to two devices, in which case the moto buds or the hbs-800 are a must; and if you easily get irritated and confused by complicated controls, stay away from the buds.recommended, but they're not the lg hbs-series killer that motorola probably designed them to be.
i was hoping for a blue tooth that will connect to more than one phone. i already had the lg and was hoping the motorola would do better but i was let down. it is a great buy if you are only using one cell phone.
the headset sounds excellent.  the earbuds will not aggravate your ears when they are in... even for long lengths of time.  i would definitely recommend these.
update: i've been asked how they hold up with sweat (see below). no problem working up a sweat on the treadmill, but i must stress that i've not put in a summer run. i also must say that i do not expect longevity from a non-sweatoroof product, and that the s11 headphones are designed with a sweatproof nano coating. however, since you asked, they still sound and work excellent. they bounce around running, but it's not intolerable... just not ideal.  battery: i've used them every day since i got them, and often times days at the house studying all day and going to the gym.  they last from morning to night constantly connected.  i often forget i'm wearing them when i turn on my music and don't hear any sound from my phone/tablet.edit: just for the record, the motorola site says these are not for working out (under questions about product, it says not sweatproof and should be kept away from moisture). i'm going to work out in them anyway and i'll report back when they fail.=============================================================i bought the jaybird bluebuds x for my girlfriend, and i've used them several times, so that is my comparison point.these headphones have a very utilitarian, price conscious design. they don't sound as awesome as the $180 bluebuds, and they aren't as sleek as them (bluebuds are just a cord with tiny ear pieces). but, they are very easy to control, very light, and sound very good. i'm not taking away anything by saying they don't sound as good as the bluebuds... the bluebuds sound as good as bose or klipsch wired models of similar cost (even mkbhd says they are amazing). the motorola buds really sound great. i'd choose them based on sound over any of the cheaper wired sets i have (skull candy, jvc, etc.)the ear pieces, at first, i was worried about them. they didn't look like they would be very secure, but i was wrong. you can easily work out with them and they will stay in. and they swivel a bit at the ear pieces, so every time you move, you don't hear a bunch of thumping like many in-ear wired sets.and taking them out to hear the world around you is nice, because of the magnets. no flopping around.the built-in equalizer settings are nice, the controls are easy, and they stay around your neck when laying on your back.so you sacrifice some portability over the bluebuds, but you get a great ease of use, very good sound, and less than half the price.and truthfully, while they aren't super stylish... people are walking around with those giant beats studio headphones on. these look way less ridiculous than that, and really aren't that bad. don't wear them to a job interview.
pro'sunit has great range.comfortable in the ears, can wear it all day.battery life is awesome.mute function make this very useful for someone that spends a lot of time on the conference calls.con'slasted two months and now will not turn on anymore. trying to get motorola to fix it, but no help so far.audio books may have issues. the headset will cut out during short pauses and makes you lose out on a few seconds of the story as it reconnects. only certain books caused this behavior.if it did not quit on me i would certainly recommend it as a phone headset.
i can walk away father than the next leading one and it doesn't fade out even thru some of my thickest walls
it's so so.  not as comfortable as advertised and hugs your neck which i hate.  has great sound but  is quite plain. i own an older lg model bigger for guys my size.... has more control buttons for the different functions compared to the 2 buttons the motorola has.the off/on button is in a bad place, every time i lay on the bench to lift weights i lay on the button which shuts it off ...poor design. i wouldn't say not to buy it but a gadget person as myself i prefer the lg so i returned the motorola and ordered a newer lg model ..
these ear buds are just wonderful.  let's you listen privately to anything you need to and still participate in daily activities.  i would highly recommend.
i bought these after two sets of lg tones broke on me. i like these a lot. very comparable to the tones. what was most important to me was battery life. i used these for listening to sports and talk radio. i have wired buds for listening to music. the only two complaints i have with this item is: the neck band is kinda tight in comparison to the tone. not as easy to get on and off. however, they don't move around as much as the tone's. my second complaint: the on/off. i have to take the headset off to access the switch. the tone's switch is a much better setup and easily accessible. all in all, i would recommend these. i am hoping the quality is better than that of the lg tone.
very comfortable, clear volume and great fittting around your neck. don't turn aroundyour neck as much as the lg. great
i lost my 2-year-old lg tone hbs-700 headset and someone else is doubtless enjoying it.the motorola cables appeared to be more robust than the lg cables and the price point was attractive compared to the newest lg hbs-800, so i decided to take a chance.the good:- price- earbud fit- strong cables- battery life- reception- button function and placement- pairing- telephone functionthe bad:- looks goofy- the band is a tight fit- two-tone cable color may as well be illuminated with a sign that says, "look at me!"the mediocre:- sound quality (richness and frequency response) simply cannot match the lg tone hbs series- equalizer is not very effective (bright treble but non-existent bass)summary:this product is inferior to the lg where it counts:  the sound.  for me, that is sufficient reason to warrant return of this product and purchase of the newest and ridiculously expensive lg tone hbs-800.  i am returning the motorola this week, but i will delay my purchase of the lg until the price becomes more reasonable.  in the meantime, i'll get by with a wired pair of earbuds.
my lg hbs-730 that i use for bike rides with no problem.  recently, the route i took has a lot of interference from the near by power lines and tower.  music from lg glitches so much that i can't enjoy my music anymore.  i also have a plantronics backbeat go 2.  this one is a little bit better, but my music still glitches and break up at the area with the most interference.  my phone is a samsung galaxy s4 active and it's stored in my bike jersey back pocket, which is less than two feet from the headset.before i try this unit, i went and try a lg hbs-750 (one user review said it has less interference).  hbs-750 was worst.  it started to break up even before i enter the interference area.i finally give this one a try.  wow, i don't know what kind of power they use, i had three rides so far and i haven't experience one single glitch yet.  no music break up, no phone call conversation break up.  it's so nice to finally have some uninterrupted music.i problem i had was that once time, i receive a phone call and the party on the other side couldn't hear me.  i don't know if it's the other party or the headset.  the party calls me back and this time, when i press the pickup button, the headset doesn't respond with button push.the sound is very awesome as well.  i say the bass is better that the hbs-730.  the magnet is stronger as well.  i like it when i tuck the unit behind my shirt and when i am not using the ear plug and let it dangles, it naturally falls down and attached itself back to the magnet of the unit ... through my shirt.  this keep the earplug from swinging back and forth when i am not using it.  i don't know if this is by design or just accident.  either way, it's cool.
spoiler alert: this is a stupidly long review. i like to provide as much detail as possible when i write a review, because that&#8217;s the sort of thing i look for in other reviews. buying things from online retailers is great and all, but it prevents us from getting any hands-on information until we&#8217;ve already shelled out our money. detailed reviews are the best way to combat disappointment and buyers&#8217; remorse. so either get some popcorn and/or a coffee, or skip to the end, or skip this review entirely &#61514;  seriously though, it&#8217;s a long review. prepare yourself.this headset is about as close to ideal as i'm probably ever going to get, at least until headsets are implanted subdermally behind the ear, or when music and communications are beamed directly into the brain or something. it has great sound, features, fit, and looks. there are a few downsides which i'll get out of the way first, and then i can get back to gushing about this thing. first, i feel that the earbud cords are maybe .5 to .75 inches too short. i wear this mainly when i&#8217;m at work, underneath the collar of my polo shirt. the cords therefor have to dip down under the edge of the collar, and then make the trip back up to my ears. it's fine if i'm looking straight ahead, but if i turn my head too much it will tug on the 'outside' ear (if i look left, it tugs on my right ear and vice versa). i've gotten around this somewhat by removing the little silicone o-rings that are intended to manage the earbud cords. it releases a little more cord length so the tugging is less noticeable, but it is still there. the cords are a bit short for my taste even when wearing a t-shirt, but aren&#8217;t too bad. the next downside is that the headset does not support connection to two devices at once. i get that this &#8220;one device at a time&#8221; thing improves the handoff between music and calls, since this is easier when both services are provided by one phone/device, but i still wish i could listen to my personal phone's music collection while being able to take calls from my work phone. other headsets like the sony mw600 handle this with ease. i should clarify that the buds can be paired with multiple devices, but can only be connected to one device at a time. currently, i&#8217;ve got them paired with my android tablet and phone, my ipod, and my work iphone. i can switch from one to another by manually disconnecting from one and connecting to another (via each device&#8217;s settings), so i don&#8217;t have to go through the pairing process every time i want to switch &#8211; pairing the buds is not difficult at all, but that would get annoying real quick.now that i've got that out of the way, i can talk about the stuff i like about the buds, which is pretty much everything. first off, let me assure you that this headset does support apt-x bluetooth connections where available. apt-x is a bluetooth audio codec that is designed to provide sound quality equal to a wired headset. other bluetooth audio connections have to compress the audio, making it sound somewhat muddled and, well, bad. this happens regardless of the quality of your source audio file. apt-x support is most commonly available in recent samsung (including the galaxy s3, s4, and s5) and htc phones (including the one and m8), but there are others out there as well. if you&#8217;re interested, there is a ridiculously complete .xlsx spreadsheet available from jessebandersen dot com, but a simple google search will also yield results. i found jesse&#8217;s page by searching for &#8220;aptx enabled devices&#8221; &#8211; it was the first result in the list. sadly apt-x is not supported by apple yet, and knowing them they'll come out with some proprietary alternative to it that only works with their own headsets (they bought beats by dre in the last week or so, so get ready). i almost passed on the buds because apt-x isn't listed anywhere in the specs or reviews that i saw here on amazon. i had to go to motorola's site and look up the user manual to find it. i was originally going to go with the lg tone headset line (which also supports apt-x), but didn't like the &#34;flat loop&#34; design that most of them have &#8211; it looks like a great fit&#8230; for a robot. in my opinion the buds are designed for a better fit on an actual human: the front of the control stalks bend gently down, following the curve of the neck/shoulders/collarbones. the majority of the headset (including the very small weight of the battery pack) rests on the base of your neck, and the control stalks rest comfortably near the collarbones. the lg tone can't do both at the same time since it is formed in a flat circle: the stalks aren&#8217;t angled relative to the neck band, and they carry all the weight of the battery so they&#8217;ll fall to your collarbones while the center section will be halfway up the back of your neck (the newer ones are curved like the buds, but are $70 more expensive). i&#8217;m wearing the buds headset right now, and can hardly feel it &#8211; a great improvement over traditional &#8220;earhugger&#8221; bluetooth headsets. while i&#8217;m talking about fit, i should probably mention that i wear a 17.5&#8221; collar, and can&#8217;t stand having things touching my neck or throat. the buds fit quite comfortably, and provide just the slightest reassuring touch on the front sides of my neck. they widest gap between the left and right control stalks measures just a hair under 5 inches.the buds have a tidy control arrangement and are easy to navigate. play/pause/answer/end/track-skip commands (as well as eq settings and voice dial activation) are handled by a rocker switch on the left, and volume adjustments are handled by a rocker switch on the right. the microphone is underneath the rocker switch on the left, and the power switch is underneath the body (center section) of the headset, next to the charging port. play/pause/answer/end is done by a single press of the forward half of the left rocker switch, which has a little bit of texture to it for identification/grip purposes. you can activate voice dialing (like siri or samsung&#8217;s s-voice or google voice search) by long-pressing this same button while no music is playing. track-skip forward is done by a single press of the back half of the same switch, and track-skip back is done by a double press. i kind of wish skip forward/back were handled by separate buttons, but it&#8217;s easy enough to get used to. one thing to note about the mic being on the same stalk as the answer/end button: if you have to feel around for the end call button, the person on the other end is going to hear all of it since the microphone is right beneath it. lots of loud rustling noises. oops. not enough for me to list as a full-on downside, but still... kind of annoying. they could have placed the mic on the right, which come to think of it is a whole lot less &#8220;busy&#8221; since it mostly only has volume control functions. volume down is achieved by pressing the forward half of the right rocker switch, and volume up by pressing the back half. you can mute an active phonecall by pressing both portions of the volume rocker, and reject an incoming call by long-pressing either one of the volume buttons. eq modes can be changed by a long-press of the &#8220;play/pause&#8221; switch on the left. there are 3 eq modes, but there is no indication of which one you are in, or documentation of what the effects are supposed to be. there is a voice notification of &#8220;eq mode changed!&#8221; but that&#8217;s it. you&#8217;re on your own to figure out exactly what that means. my best guess is that the modes are flat, treble boost, and bass boost. as a general &#8220;audiophile&#8221; rule, flat eq response is best since it doesn&#8217;t meddle with the sound balance and you hear it as the artist intended. i can barely tell which eq mode is bass boost, but can&#8217;t tell the difference between the other two. and if i can&#8217;t tell the difference, then i guess it doesn&#8217;t really matter. i&#8217;d recommend switching modes while listening to your general type of music, getting to an eq setting you like, and then never changing it again. as is obvious from the pictures and literature, the earbuds are held magnetically to the ends of the control stalks when not in use. the magnets are pretty strong, and the earbuds have yet to bounce themselves loose. in fact, they are so strong that if i remove an earbud from my ear but don&#8217;t attach it to the end of the stalk, i&#8217;ll eventually find that it has connected itself at some point as i&#8217;ve been moving around. needless to say, don&#8217;t get any of these parts too close to any of your credit cards.as far as sound quality goes, i&#8217;m really impressed. the earbuds are said to have &#8220;premium hd speakers&#8221;, and whatever that truly means, they sound great and the apt-x support really helps them shine. i should point out that the buds will still sound great with non-apt-x devices like apple gadgets, and will certainly sound as good as all other bluetooth headsets that don&#8217;t support it. as long as the earbuds are seated properly (which is critical with any in-ear earbuds) bass response is nice and solid, and everything just sort of sparkles. not saying that &#8220;sparkle&#8221; is added in any way, but if the music has fine detail in it then you&#8217;ll hear a lot more of it. speaking of having the earbuds seated properly, the documentation talks a bit about about &#8220;micro-adjustability&#8221;, and what this translates into is that the stem of each earbud can pivot a certain amount around a central axis in a sort of narrow cone shape, so the angle of the stem relative to the earbud&#8217;s body can change a bit to fit different peoples&#8217; ear structures. the earbuds seem to stay fairly well seated unless i get really sweaty. speaking of sweat, i will also note that the buds are not labelled as &#8220;sweat proof&#8221;, which does make me worry a little bit. i sweat easily, and do a lot of biking and walking, and my work is somewhat physical too. hopefully this does not become an issue. there is a little rubber plug you have to partially remove to access the charging port, so make sure you place it back securely before getting sweaty. anyways, back to audio quality: one important thing to note, which is true of all high quality sound delivery devices, is that the final output depends highly on good source material. you should know by now that low quality sources like 128kbps .mp3 files or even some tracks on pandora and other streaming services aren&#8217;t the best, and with these you will hear every little bit of their badness. other headsets may mask this but they&#8217;re also masking the fine detail of better quality files, so in a way it&#8217;s actually a good thing. call quality on both ends of the line is really good as well, and i&#8217;ve never had anyone ask &#8220;are you using bluetooth?&#8221; which i usually get when i use other headsets. in fact, i had one person stop me in mid-conversation and ask &#8220;didn&#8217;t you say you were going to put on your bluetooth headset?&#8221;, and almost didn&#8217;t believe me when i said i already had. one last thing about audio quality &#8211; if you listen to music via any app with preamp gain, you may want to be reduce that gain level to zero. i use poweramp on my galaxy s4 and was dismayed at first to hear a ton of distortion, especially in the low end. i almost returned the headset because i could not get rid of it. i eventually found that the preamp gain (on poweramp&#8217;s eq settings page) was set to about 75% of its capacity, and turning it down eliminated the distortion completely. you can get rid of the distortion at 25%, but why risk it? i keep it at zero now just to be sure. doing so also reduced the overall volume, but since these things get plenty loud on their own, i don&#8217;t mind at all.usually i hate the looks of most bluetooth headsets: the obnoxious blinking blue lights and the giant blobs of techno-crud clamped to peoples&#8217; ears make them look like extras from bad 80&#8217;s sci-fi movies. i have to say that the motorola buds practically disappear, especially while wearing them under the collar of a polo shirt. they do have an indicator light, but it is nestled in between the power switch and charging port, so it&#8217;s not visible at all while they&#8217;re being worn. i have to say, at first i wasn&#8217;t too pleased with the fact that even the black headset has white bits on it (the undersides of the flat cords, the silicone ear pieces, and the forward/inside halves of the earbud shells). i have changed my mind and have very much come to enjoy the subtle high-contrast design. it looks nice and modern without looking like it&#8217;s trying too hard. as i said, it practically disappears under a polo collar &#8211; all you can see is the white silicone ear pieces and a touch of the white from the cord. when you&#8217;ve got an earbud inserted, the white flash from the undersides of the cords help make it a little more obvious to others that you&#8217;re either listening to music or talking on the phone. i say &#8220;a little&#8221; because people still give me weird looks when they walk into a room while i&#8217;m in mid conversation. i have to make the universal &#8220;i&#8217;m not a lunatic, i&#8217;m just on the phone&#8221; gesture to most folks, but the observant ones can figure it out for themselves more easily. i see these now come in blue, which makes me even more sad that they don&#8217;t come in red. you see, i have a sickness. a sickness which has yet to be defined (or even acknowledged) by science, in which i have an overwhelming love (some, like my wife, would say &#8220;unhealthy obsession&#8221;) for black things with red trim, or red things with black trim, or&#8230;  well, you get the idea. if these came in red, i&#8217;d sell 4 of my 5 pints of blood (or at least my black/white buds) to get a set. maybe one day.those are the main points i wanted to talk about. there are a few more things that don&#8217;t really fit in the review elsewhere, so i&#8217;ll stick them here. the specs say that the wireless range is up to 150 feet, but that is with a &#8220;class 1 bluetooth device&#8221;, which your phone probably isn&#8217;t. realistic use is still around 30 to 40 feet, with minor barriers like walls and doors. i don&#8217;t even know where to find a true class 1 bluetooth device, so get that 150ft range spec out of your head. battery life seems to be pretty good, and although i try to charge the headset every night, i&#8217;ve gone as far as 2 full workdays of mixed usage without running out of battery. they&#8217;re rated at &#8220;up to 12 hours&#8221; of playback, but it&#8217;s anyone&#8217;s guess as to what that actually means. i talked about the silicone earpieces earlier, but forgot to mention that they come in 3 sizes &#8211; small, medium, and large. the buds come with the small ones installed already, but i found that the mediums were best for me. the earpieces on most of my other earbuds (both wired and wireless) are 99% interchangeable, but these are slightly different. the posts on the ear stems are a slightly smaller diameter than standard, so earpieces from other sets are a bit loose. swapping other earpieces to the buds would result in more sound leakage and result in poorer sound quality and bass response, and also put you at a much higher risk of having one of the earpieces coming off the stem and sticking in your ear. trust me, you don&#8217;t want that. stick to the 3 sizes provided and find the one that best suits you. use the biggest size you can stand, because a good seal is critical for good sound quality. another thing i mentioned briefly was the buds&#8217; voice notifications. the buds have a set of pre-programmed voice notifications built in that you&#8217;ll hear as you turn the headset on and off, or change eq settings, and maybe a few other commands. when you power it up, the headset plays a short musical tune and then a chipper female voice says &#8220;welcome to the motorola buds!&#8221; when you connect to a phone or mp3 player, the same voice says &#8220;device 1 connected!&#8221; the voice isn&#8217;t too bad, but it took me a while to get used to. when you receive a phone call, it will play another tune at you instead of mirroring your phone&#8217;s ringtone. i think it&#8217;s a riff on the first few notes of &#8220;ride of the valkyries&#8221; but i could be wrong. the buds also play a soft &#8220;bloop&#8221; noise every time you play or pause or adjust the volume. other than these &#8220;bloop&#8221; noises, there is really no indication of whether or not the unit is even powered up. i mention this because if the headset loses connection it will automatically power down after 5 minutes to save battery. if you pick the headset up after a while and don&#8217;t know what power state it&#8217;s in, hit a volume button and listen for the bloop. the headset has yet to drop bluetooth connection on its own, which is a first for all the headsets i&#8217;ve owned and is kind of impressive. the very last thing i wanted to talk about (yeah, i made a list) is that there are very thin rubber strips that run up the undersides of each control stalk, which i think serve the purpose of covering the track the wires run through. a small section of one of these strips popped up after about a week and would not seat itself back down. i eventually decided that they are probably held in place by some sort of adhesive, since i could not get it to &#8220;pop back in&#8221;, so i placed the tiniest dab of krazy glue in there, wiped off the excess, and held it in place until it dried. this was about a month ago, and it has not popped back up yet.so that&#8217;s absolutely every observation about the motorola buds that i&#8217;ve made since i got them. if you&#8217;ve read through all that, i salute you. i probably owe you 20 minutes of your life back. sorry about that. now on to the summary, which i promised at the start:for the tl;dr crowd, i wholly approve of this headset. it&#8217;s the headset i&#8217;ve been waiting quite some time for, and it&#8217;s finally here. features, fit, sound, and looks are all pretty much perfect, and it&#8217;s hard to come up with a list of serious disadvantages. as i write this, it&#8217;s available here for $58, which is quite a steal. the nearest competitor is the lg hbs-800, which normally goes for $130. check these out &#8211; i don&#8217;t think you&#8217;ll be disappointed.
an excellent device works great and fits well in your ear .... truly useful while driving and when you have your phone in your pocket. was shipped well and in time by amazon
this bluetooth did not last me a year.  i called motorola for a replacement.  they sent another model and i've been using it for four years now.
it worked good for a few months.  gradually, it began loosing its quality. people have trouble hearing now.  i am also getting "static" and cannot use very much.  works a little better in my cell phone than skype.  overall, i do not reccommend it.
when i first received this product it worked well.  after a month and a half it stopped communicating with my cell phone. i called motorola and they told me it was guaranteed for a year and to send it back to them. the model i bought is no longer sold and they have a new one out now. they told me they will replace the blue tooth. it has been over 3 weeks since i mailed it in and i have yet to hear anything. i am happy with the blue tooth technology. but i am not happy with motorola. they have never contacted me since i called them about the prolems i was having and have not even taken the time to e-mail be they received my old one (which i know they have by my shipping receipt i got back). my blue tooth may have been a lemon but motorola's customer service is not up where it should be. i am still waiting for a replacement to come in. in the meantime i am using the free plug-in type i received when i bought my phone.  my advice is buy a bluetooth, just be careful who makes it and check out their customer service.
i was very happy with my hs820 for the first 3 weeks. it was comfortable and transmission was good. unfortunately, it was defective and stopped transmitting.  i am giving it a good rating based on the performance up until it stopped working.
it won't work with my phone. after 2 hours, i got it to connect, but it won't answer when i get calls or turn on when i want to make them. plus there were obvious scuff marks on the device. it's made of cheap plastic and the charger has the old-fashioned two-prong adaptor. i'm going to start looking for a better device ... especially one that charges with the universal usb adaptor so i don't have to carry multiple cords with me.
i just love this bluetooth headset. it was so easy to pair up with my new sidekick 3. i did not have to do anything except charge the headset and then turn it on. thanks again amazon.com for providing me another great product at such a great price. the sound quality is outstanding. people on the other end just know that i am talking on a landline phone until i tell them that i am on a bluetooth wireless headset and they are astounded. i highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for a brilliant headset at an excellent price. the motorola hs 820 is the bomb!!!
it's a great deal, so i jumped on it. but was truly disappointed. i've so far summed up motorola products as well really really poor. i own a razar, wish i could return that! but this headset, thinking it's from motorola would work well with my phone, but no. it's on my belt clip, and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away, signal is weak, and then disconnets. to me that's strange. it's also surprising that this happens randomly, so it's kinda annoying, b/c you can't anticipate it. kinda annoying when driving, b/c you rely on the headset to work properly. also get the static noise which is weird, b/c it shouldn't do that. especially when driving.
this was my first foray into the bt department. i first had this paired to a moto v551 then later to a razr v3 silver and black. the only shortcoming i can find is the method used to turn the unit on and off. there are times you think you have the headset turned off, but in reality you just redialed the last person called. the hs850 is a better designe here, but thats the only "one up" the 850 has on this headset. the volume and fitment of this 820 are much better than on the 850. i have only had 1 signal related issue and that was due to me being too far away from the phone. overall a great buy!
a couple problems with this headset, when using it with the treo 650 -1. it does not automatically connect when a call is received or initiated2. the volume is way too lowcheck out the jabra jx10, cardo scala, or palm treo headset ---- there are too many great headsets out there, to settle for this onehappy shopping!
i have to think that some of the other reviewers have older phones, and therefore problems with the unit. it's my first bluetooth headset, but i couldn't be happier.p.s. people dissin' it because it doesn't work 25 feet from the phone or because it doesn't stay on your head when jogging? i guess i'm not as adventurous with my cell phone as some others...
bought one then a second one, i'm impressed, my phone is by the same vendor and i think it is... the worst phone i've ever had, but  this headset is comfortable and works with my phone and my wife's lg faultlessly.be aware that there is no mute button, you'll have to use the phone for that.lasted 1/2 of a year now junk, will no longer hold a charge
i am not impressed.i don't know what the other reviewers are smoking. this device does not cancel out background noise. listeners on the other end say i sound like i'm in a tunnel. two strikes.as you can see from the pictures there is quite a distance between one's mouth and the "pinhole" for the internal microphone. there is no way to cancel out background noise lest your own voice be considered to be background noise. this is a defect in all devices that have a similar design.the earpiece is not suited for driving or walking. the "ear attachment" and its hinge is made of flimsy plastic. as a result the fit isn't tight enough. i often need to turn my head quickly while driving and it feels like the thing's going to fly off my head into the back seat. it's an extremely annoying distraction that you don't want to have while driving.on the good side, i don't have any problems hearing and the volume controls are very convenient to use.
i've used a number of bluetooth headsets and this is among the worst. the sound quality is low, especially outdoors, and there is quite a bit of static even when within a few feet of the phone. the volume is poor - even with the volume cranked up to the top i could barely hear the other party indoors and outside (with any background noise) it was almost impossible. this is the result of the earpiece resting outside the ear rather than within the ear (earbud style). the microphone is far enough from one's mouth that it is difficult for the person with whom you are speaking to hear you.the fitting of the earpiece is also slightly uncomfortable, especially if you wear glasses, but not as bad as some others i've tried. it does not flop around much under normal circumstances. i was also disappointed that this uses a proprietary power connector rather than mini-usb like the older h500, which would have made it easier to charge with the same charger as my razr.i thought this headset would be adequate for the price, but for someone who is serious about using a bluetooth headset on a regular basis i'm going to recommend either the jabra bt500 or bt250. i've used those in the past and found them much better overall, and worth the extra price.
i used have one of this earpeice 2 years ago and i lost it, so i ordered this since this is much much cheaper than my previous one.different from the previous peice, this item came in with extremely cheap package and it's sound quality is worse than my previous one. my friends complained about the echo and noise sometimes so i suspect if this is actually a refurbed one. sometimes the manufacturer sell such items for much less with simplized packaging.
this is my first bt headset. the main reasons i chose this one were low price, small size/weight, and having seen a couple of people use this at work.pros:the size/weight is so small as to be unnoticeable. i find the headset very comfortable for extended periods of time. price-wise, it was the cheapest headset from a reputable brand when i bought it. battery life is decent, probably 3+ days, although i tend to charge it about every two days. great for driving or any time you want your hands free but can't use speakerphone.cons:people whom i call have complained occasionally about the sound quality. range is not great, sometimes 10 ft causes annoying "i am about to disconnect" noise. because there is only one main button that is used for everything, it is very easy to accidentally activate voice dialing, last-number redial, etc. initial pairing with the phone was not intuitive at all: who knew you had to keep the button pressed while trying to pair up? finally, the blinking blue light on you temple makes you look like a robot!recommendation:this is an ok first/small/cheap bt headset. if you talk a lot on the phone, look for something else. there must be headsets out there that provide better sound quality, longer range, and have more intuitive buttons and controls.
the voice reception with this headset was just ok. sometimes people on the other side had trouble hearing me sometimes especially when driving. i also get a tingling sensation around my ear and a mild ache in the outer part of my ear everytime i use it. it may be something to do with  the design of the head set. research has never proved any connection between using wireless or bluetooth and the impact on your nerves/brain, and i have to believe them...it's weird though that i get always get a tingling, achy sensation if i use a cell phone continuously for more than an hour but with the bluetooth i get the same sensation in about 20 minutes. so try as i might, i cannot wear it for prolonged periods of time. after i used this headset for about 2 months it just died on me! i used to charge it once every week and never left it on the charger for long periods - only till the blue light went off to show it had finished charging. i did this as other reviewers had warned against over-charging. however, now the headset just died...after 2 months. i called motorola and they agreed to replace it. it takes about 10-14 days from the time you send it in to get a new one. i'm waiting for the replacement to come back. who knows how long this one will last!
it is not the "greatest"  the sounds works fine on most calls.  it is not very good on call overseas.  people don't hear very well.  however, i am mostly satisfied with it.
this headset is actually not a bad deal but it is not a great deal either.  the design of the unit does not lend itself to easy, long-term usage.  it constantly falls off my ear and it is a power hog.  i once got about 2 hours of usage from this device and that remains the record for battery life (oddly, it takes about two hours to charge this battery from empty).  i am surprised that motorola couldn't get a better battery or somehow get more usage per charge.the upside is that sound quality is great when you can hear people on the other line (the volume doesn't go up very high).  it's one-push button operation to answer and hang up calls is great.  though it can sometimes be a little slow to register calls as i have received complaints that it takes me too long to answer the phone.overall, i like the idea of bluetooth but i haven't found a great headset yet.  i would recommend that you keep shopping around and if you don't find anything else in the price range that you like, buy this one but beware of the limitations.there is one other upside:  i once accidentally used the charger that came with my wife's motorola v276 phone to charge my headset.  when i compared the two chargers, they were identical.
excellent sound quality and easy to pair. looked just as the ad said and the shipping was right on the money.
i'm using mine with the jabra a210 non-bluetooth phone adapter and it works fine. i've used it in the office on my cellphone (handsfree allows me to type and talk with no wires) i use it in the car and it gives me great movement without wires. very small clips around the ear and you don't even realize its there. very pleased with this unit. i charge it overnight and it works all day from 530am till 11pm constantly receiving calls. i've had this for a about a week and i'll leave it on this weekend to see just how long it will last before running out of gas. i'm pleased with the quality of the microphone and earpiece. can't believe just how well the mic works. i can shout and whisper and the volume is constant. this is my first bluetooth earpiece and i'm happy with it ! some calls have slight distortion, but since other calls are crystal clear, i have to believe its the cellphone connection and not the earpiece.
this headset works fine. it fits perfectly over the ear. volume isgreat! connects quickly. no echooo. maybe all the nay sayers need abetter cell phone. i've tried three bluetooth devices and the hs820 isfar superior to the rest.
i bought this headset for probably the same reason most people did, the price. for 30 bucks and from a reliable company you can't go wrong. i got what i paid for. the sound quality and the mic quality are both decent, enough at least for someone who isn't obsessive about how crystal clear the reception is. it has a tendency to drop the connection sometimes for no apparent reason, annoying at times, but not very common.about a month after use, it stopped working for no explicit reason. i sent it back and got a replacement from motorola. however only a month or so after that, i seemed to have misplaced it, and had pretty much thought it was lost.today, about a month and a half later, i found it, in my dryer. apparently it had been in the pocket of one of my jeans that i hadn't washed for a while and it went through a whole wash and dry cycle. happy that i found it, but i all but gave up on it to work again. i gave it a shot anyway, and lo and behold, it did start charging. so after an hour i tried pairing it with my phone, and voila, it still works! i was stunned. not only that a bluetooth headset could go through that abuse and still function like new, but a headset that seems relatively cheap and outdated!so based on my first experience it was a 2, but any piece of electronic equipment that can survive a wash and dry has to get two more stars in my book. reliable, and saved me from shelling out more money for a more expensive replacement. it gets the job done.
and i'm fairly disappointed! i bought this little gem at a cingular kiosk in the mall for $80 and i am thinking it's going back before my 30 days are up! in summary, considering bluetooth still has some improvements to make, this is just not worth $80, period. even if this device worked flawlessly, it might be worth about $30 at best.here are my gripes:* it says it has a range of about 30 feet. hmmm...not really. i am even using this headset with a motorola phone (v505)and i can get about 20 feet away from it at best before the audio quality goes south. not the biggest deal in the world. even when i am close to the phone however, there can be some interferance ("crackling") and distortion. usually mild though. it seems like my microwave interferes with it (when it's cooking)!* doesn't fit snugly on my ear. rather, it kind of "hangs" there. it doesn't have any kind of mechanism for adjustment, so here's hoping it fits your ear. using this headset while lying down is hard to do; the device doesn't seem to want to stay put.* drops the bluetooth connection every now and again, even when i am at close range.the "good":* looks cool! ;)* battery life seems to be pretty good.* small, lightweighti am going to look into some other options. this simply was a waste of money.
since there is no rubber to "gasket" your ear, noisy environments can make it hard to hear. i.e. in you car.
i always thought it was obnoxious to leave your headset on all the time, but now i know why people do it. one you forget you have it on and two it's kind of a pain in the neck to setup. this particular product is pretty good, it pairs up well with my razr after saying yes to no less than three questions and works very well. the only complaint i have is it could be louder, but it serves my purpose.
the audio is very soft of this headset.  i have to use one hand to push it against my ear each time i want to use it.  also, it is always checking to make sure it is still connected to the phone, so it beeps every 5 to 10 seconds.
i love this headset.  it's light, has good voice quality, louder earpiece volume than the phone itself (mot v710) and the battery outlasts the phone.  a previous reviewer mentioned having to carry 2 chargers.  motorola makes a y adapter so you can charge both your phone and headset from 1 charger.  i think i paid under $10 for it but don't quote me.  i love the headset but when i'm in an airport, it picks up the background noise as loudly as my voice.  if it was noise canceling it would have gotten 5 stars.  one last note: my phone doesn't ring when connected to the headset so you must have the headset on to know you have an incoming call.  this is a complaint about the phone though not the headset.update 03-05-2005i just bought an hs-810 because i keep getting complaints of background noise being louder than my voice.  i like it better but the 820 does have better incoming sound quality.  but all in all, i like the 810 much better.  the flip open design is especially nice.  search for the hs810 to see my complete review.update 07-21-2005my motorola v710 went in the dunk a few months ago so i had to buy a new one.  the new software allows the phone to ring even when the headset is connected.  much better.
i got this as a christmas present for my brother and he absoultely loves it. when talking to him it sounds very clear and there is no static. it is a much better than my jabra headset which cost nearly twice the price.
i bought this from amazon. i linked quickly and worked as advertised.  i found the various button modes difficult to keep track of and found it a real problem over time.my biggest complaint is that this device is too too quiet at maximum volume.  obviously motorola did not test their design in a car that had some road noise.  i found it only adequate in a quiet room.  i suspect it is the fact that the speaker is a long way from the ear canal.  i am wondering if an in ear type will be better in the long run.save you money on this one if you plan to use it in a car.  it is fine if your sitting in quiet room.
this thing just doesn't work well with the treo 6501. it doesn't automatically connect, when a call comes, or when a call is initiated2. the volume is way too lowthe comfort is good, but for the price, there are many better headsets out there ----consider the cardo scala, the jabra jx10, and the palm treo headset - those are your best betshappy shopping!
lasted 3 months, lucky i have two(charge one, while using the other), the units last only for about 2-3 hours of use, hardly good for all day jobs.like the fit though, but these items need to last the day.
i am not impressed.i don't know what the other reviewers are smoking.  this device does not cancel out background noise.  listeners on the other end say i sound like i'm in a tunnel.  two strikes.as you can see from the pictures there is quite a distance between one's mouth and the "pinhole" for the internal microphone.  there is no way to cancel out background noise lest your own voice be considered to be background noise.  this is a design defect in all devices that have a similar design.the earpiece is not suited for driving or walking.  the "ear attachment" and its hinge is made of flimsy loose plastic.  as a result the fit isn't tight enough.  i often need to turn my head quickly while driving and it feels like the thing's going to fly off my head into the back seat.  it's an extremely annoying distraction that you don't want to have while driving.on the good side, i don't have any problems hearing and the volume controls are very convenient to use.
at first, i was a bit leary about buying one of these, because i had heard that they were never loud enough unless you were in a very quiet place. not true! i have to say i've had to turn down the volume on this before! now, don't take that out of context, but this is a great product. i live in texas and drive a loud truck, and i've been able to use this product driving down the road! i would definitely recommend this product. a great purchase for the money.
this headset seems to work fine, but the audio quality is nothing to write home about, to the person on the other end of the line you will sound soft and like you are talking on a speakerphone. they will also hear a lot of background noise. i am much happier with the cardo scala 500 bluetooth headset. it has much better audio quality and even comes with more stuff for about the same price.and, you may not really *need* a wireless bluetooth headset because you can just use a wired one or use your speakerphone. but i admit that it's sort of cool to be totally wireless-you can put the phone in your pocket or purse and be totally unencumbered by wires, which feels a bit safer and freer, especially while driving or when you have to work with both hands and talk at the same time for example.a note about the battery-do not store this unit (or your phone) in a hot car! heat damages batteries and shortens their lifespan.
problems i've got with this unit:1. too short range; much shorter than stated 10m;2. lost signal or lost connection with cellphone more frequently than i imagined;3. when i used this headset to call my friends and t-mobile customer reps, they usually complained that they can barely heard my voice. maybe the voice collected by the headset is too weak!
this is a great cable for me !!i love using it in my car.i connect it to my smartphone to listen to my radio app while i am traveling out of town.once i lose  range of my favorite  radio station i plug it in and  continue listening  to my favorite radio station thru the app. .great deal !
i bought this to connect walkman type gadgets to my car stereo.  it worked well at first, but the wiring quickly started having problems.  the sound would cut out and i'd need to mess with the cable to find a position where the wires inside would be touching correctly again.  after 8 months, the wire is now completely detached from one of the plug ends.  maybe the heat of my car played a role in the breakdown of the cable, but if that's how you're planning on use it, don't be surprised if it starts shorting out on you too.
don't purchase these if you plan to use in your car. the side walls are too thin and if this lays next to any 12 power source, my sirus radio in my case, you'll get the electrical whine as the cars rpm's increase and decrease. you get what you pay for.
it does what it's supposed to.  hook up my cell phone to my car so i can listen to my mp3.  i'm not a audio geek/master so i don't know if it's a good decibel or crisp bass or tremble, but songs seems to play well.
received it, plugged it in, didn't work. tried jostling the cable and plug around, couldn't get it to work. can't recommend it.
i bought one for my dad to use occasionally and tested it for a couple songs and had no issues like others have had, maybe i'm not using it as long. it is cheaper feeling than my more expensive ones. i will update this if things change.
we bought this item to replace a broken 3.5 mm cable we use to connect our fm modulator to our iphone 4s.  we needed something with a thin piece of rubber over the plug so that it didn't catch on the after-market case on our iphones.  this product worked great, and the price was excellent.
bought this as a line-in cable for my in-dash stereo from my cell phone. the cable does not work. i only get sound out of one side of the stereo when it's fully plugged in. in order to hear stereo, i need to hold cable out to before the spring click. unfortunately this doesn't suit my needs for the car.
the price was good and the cable works great. it seems to be well made. there isn't much else to say about this product.
this is a basic cable.  it works and it is cheap.  there is not much else you can say about it.
the concept of the phone is terrific.  i have to use a 2-way pager for work, and instead of carting around a cell phone and bulky pager, i now just have this one small item.  and while i didn't think i'd really use it, the bluetooth functionality has definitely sold me.  i can use it not only for a wireless headset, but to connect to the internet and to transfer sound files back and forth as well.the software of the phone seems to be a bit buggy still, unfortunately.  when i lock the keypad, i still sometimes hear tones when the keypad is pressed and the display lights up.  the menus are sometimes slow to respond, delaying as much as 2 full seconds (doesn't sound like much, but it can be irritating).overall, i'd buy the phone again without hesitation, but i'm an early adopter.  if you're willing to put up with the occassional buggy behavior, i'd definitely recommend this phone.
if you have large hands ( like me ) you will find the keyboard difficult to use. i had particular difficulty with the 5-way directional button. no matter how carefully i used the button i ended up hitting the adjacent buttons too. i also had problems using the camera feature because of it's tiny size. however, in the interest of full disclosure, i am a bit of a klutz. i was also displeased to find that the unit's limited memory made any real web browsing impossible. also, there appears to be no bluetooth compatibility with macs. it will sync with the use of a data cable ( a separate purchase required ), but i think it's a shame to spend the extra bucks for bluetooth only to find it is of limited use.what made me decide to return the phone was that i found the signal to be weaker than any other cell i have ever owned. we live in a little valley that compromises the signal of any cell phone, but the a630 couldn't establish a solid connection.it's a great looking device and it feels very well built. the screen is small, though it provides a very sharp image. i strongly expect that a more nimble fingered pc user might find the phone's many features to be tons of fun.
the a630 is another ground-breaking handset design from motorola.  it showcases the ingenuity of american engineering when you see the qwerty keyboard hidden underneath on this lightweight (4 oz.) cell phone.  it's stylish, too, and has great reception -- that is, where t-mobile has coverage at all.  compared to the sidekick ii and many other t-mobile phones, the a630 has the best signal-keeping capability, but t-mobile just sucks big time, unless you live right next to one of their sporadic cell towers.  worse, their gprs (data) network is slow and congested.  while surfing the web on the a630 is really cool when the network is accessible, for most part of the day the network is slow and often inaccessible.  we really need the govt to step in and mandate that these cell companies upgrade their networks first before charging consumers an arm and a leg for data services.
it's the worst cell phone i had to date.1 this phone has 1 to 2 second delay when buttons are pressed.2 because of slow button key i kept doing and unding key lock/unlock several times to actually call anyone.3. battery life is only about 48hrs (standby) and defintly not 200 some minutes as what this phone's spec says.4. phonebook is pretty messedup. phone book name displys only first half of first line, although it allows you to enter two lines.5. on/off button some times takes second try.6. it's not straight forward to save work/home/mobile... under one name.7. phone charger connection is so flimsy that in certain position it won't charge. design is pretty messed up.8. 1/8" of color lcd screen is already dying only after 5 month of useage.9. signal is very poor. i'm sure this lot more to do with tmobile.basically slow and unintuitive phone.bright side of all this is that tmobile contact is only for one year.
wife loved it as the "razr" thin phone craze took over. flip phone with keypad was nice. used it 2 years with 0 problems.
this phone is good for the price, but if you really want a good mobile email solution, get a sidekick ii.positive:the a630 has good sound quality, and absolutely fantastic sound quality if you use a bluetooth headset. t-zones service is an inexpensive way to gain access to your pop3 email accounts. it has a keyboard. you can download pictures to and from your computer using a bluetooth connection (i did this using my mac).negative:the built-in email software is very poorly designed. it is sloooo[...] it requires way too many key clicks to accomplish common tasks. the most common email commands are buried in the menus, the least common commands occupy the prime spots. someone didn't think about this enough. it takes me 7 clicks to delete a message -- that's too much. they don't take advantage of the keyboard enough: the keyboard has a delete key, but you can't use it to delete a message. that's a waste. likewise, you have to scroll through your emails one...line...at...a...time. why not use the space bar as a quick scroller, like in outlook? to issue a command, you have to use the menu and arrow keys. they should have assigned letter or number keys to each menu command so you can navigate more quickly with single keypresses. (my old sony-ericsson phone had this feature)the case is pretty, but because it's perfectly symmetrical, you can't tell which end is up by feel alone. the keyboard is so slick that you can't dial by feel either -- you need to look. these are safety issues. (but if you have a headset, you can dial by voice)so far, the battery doesn't last more than a day with below-average use.the a630 is best for people who want bluetooth, and who primarily talk or text, and who use pop3 occasionally, or not at all.
pros:1. compact in size;2. eye-ball-absorber design;3. good bluetooth connection (w/ hs820 headset);4. convinient input keyboard;5. the screen is clear enough to show a vivid picture;cons:1. battery is toooooo weak. a full charged battery can only last for one day (with normal amount of incoming and outgoing calls and without any other devices connected). a lot shorter than they claimed in the description (6 days in waiting mode)!2. a little bulky compared tp other camera phones(like samsung);3. the phonebook is a little different from all the other brands;4. system freezed up once when i input phone numbers with bluetooth device connected. i have to reset it by taking the battery out;5. no zoom function with the build-in camera; can't observe the picture from front small screen when taking photos with the phone closed;6. no software; just one java game come with the unit. no choiceother than purchasing more on line.
great product at a great price
i have placed these in several of my phones since they first came out in the 1990s. i know that they made a big difference in my older phones that had physical antennae&#8217;s which needed to be pulled out of the phone.  since the phone antennae&#8217;s have changed, i haven&#8217;t been able to notice any significant improvements with these installed or without them. i install them now because i got some for free and this is probably what they are now worth. the level of improved reception is about as noticeable as the loss of cash that i paid to get these free signal boosters.
this item does nothing to enhance the signal in your phone, i followed the instructions and applied the antenna as stated but no change in the signal strength. i guess that's the reason why they're selling so cheap. do not waste your time with this product.
forgot i had this on my phone until i got the request to review it. but, my phone has been working exceptionally well lately...because of these boosters!! i have a blackberry torch. you just put this sticky little piece of film by your battery and *viola* you have way better reception!! seems to do the trick. recommend!! and it's a great price to boost your phone's antenna.
didn't work for my galaxy s3 sph-l710 so in case you have this same phone or just a galaxy s3 (verison, at&t, t-mobile) doesn't matter. it wont work.
this does not work at all. and once you put it on it is so hard to took off. never again!!!!
i put this product in my phone and have not seen any difference in my signal strength at all. i bought some before and they actually helped but these did not.
so far it's working as intended. i'm satisfied and the price is right. easy instruction of how to install the booster inside your cell phone.
i do get reception, but it added a bar for me.  these are no 'magic bullet' for bad reception, but they can take it 'just over the edge'.i have used these before in old phones, but they get 'lost' easily if i forget to remove them when changing batteries.  so this is good enough to 're-purchase', at least for me.
it gives more bars then had before. such a perfect item. made my bf very happy as well. so perfect of an item.
these things are ajoke they do nothing for the phone but for the price it was a fun thing to try. but really not worth a dime
you do not get a 6 pack you only get 1 of them do not be fooled i was very upset that it only came with one and i do not liked to be tricked like that
we've had the sidekick ii for about two months.  although my 11-year-old likes it for its buttons and gee whiz value, i find it very awkward to use as a phone.  it doesn't have a normal keyboard, so you must flip the screen up to press the keys, then flip the screen back down to listen and talk.  when you get into a voicemail situation, you have to keep flipping the screen up to "press 1 for english", etc.  very annoying.you also must pay an additional $20 per month if you want to browse the internet, use instant messaging, or even download fun.  otherwise, all you get is phone calls and text messaging (which is also extra).  even the non-sidekick phones let you get t-zones for instant messaging as a $5.00 option.another gripe is that the phone is falling apart after two months of not very rough usage.  the screen no longer slips into place when flipped open and the letter "a" has fallen out.  it occasionally just freezes for no reason. the first phone i received froze up the first day and had to be replaced.the battery is built into the phone, so you can't take it out to let the phone reset itself.  no such thing as having an extra battery on a trip, for example.internet browsing is cool, but so slow you think it stopped working.  i think some of the fault is just the slow connection, but the other part of the fault is that the phone seems to take a long time to actually build the web page it's trying to display.oh, yeah.  another problem is that t-mobile expects you to pay $9.95 to set up your album on its web site, then 29 cents for each photo you upload to it.the phone is too large and heavy and has poor quality voice reproduction.  you can't use wallpaper and the ring tones sound terrible.although it looks good on paper, it isn't really ready for prime time.
first, let me just say to those who bash this phove because of t-mobile, stop!  you are here to review the phone, not the service.  how is it phone's fault?  it's your service and shouldn't be phone's fault.pros/features:qwerty keyboard makes it easy to send text messagesweb browseraol instant messangeryahoo messengeremail at your fingertipscamera phone with room for up to 36 photosorganizer/calender/calculatornifty design reminds you of a mini-laptopcons:bulky:  looks like a mini-laptop but won't fir easily in your pocket...case/belt clip is a mustbutton size:  could be small for those with big fingersweb browser:  slow, but beacause the sites could be cached, it gets a tad faster.  don't expect cable speed!  this is more of 28.8 speed.no background wallpaper: because of the deaktop icons, background image isn't availableoverall...positive outweigh the tiny negatives by a ton.  if you are an internet.im junkie, you will fall in love with this phone.  the reception in my area is fine.  however, the reception varies from area to area.
sidekick ii is meant to be your one-stop-shop wireless gadget for e-mailing, web-browsing and im chatting anywhere you go.  you can also download limited content.  you can also sync with your outlook calendar and addressbook, but only if you pay extra for a third-party utiltiy program.  compared to the original sidekick, sk ii is thinner but quite a bit longer.  i also think it's uglier, esp. the new thumb keyboard, but the keyboard is still very useable.  battery life is terrible after the first couple weeks, requiring you to carry the charger with you all the time.the problem with the whole t-mobile data service, though, is the poor quality of t-mobile's gprs coverage.  t-mobile is infamous for its sporadic gsm (voice) coverage in the u.s.  when it comes to gprs (data), it's even worse, and the slightest degradation in reception will cause the sidekick to go kaputt.  and when that happens, sk has a tendency to fail to re-establish the data connection when signal strength returns.  this makes a very frustrating user experience, esp. when you need internet access the most (e.g., when you want to log onto amazon.com to compare-shop that big sharp aquos lcd tv you are looking at inside a best buy store).  unfortunately, t-mobile has not improved its coverage or download speed, so if you get the sk, be prepared for slow speed and lost connections.  once the novelty factor wears off, the sk experience is a rather stressful one.of course, currently no other device - not even the treo 600 - has the same portable form factor and useable keyboard as the sk ii.  if you are an absolutely internet junkie, you'll probably find t-mobile's abysmal coverage tolerable and sk's true wireless internet access appealing.
i really enjoy this device--being able to check email and blogs and send ims while out and about is really nice. however, it's kinda huge compared to a regular cellphone, and i found that to be a bit of a drag. my service agreement seemed kind of pricey,  and the coverage was poor (i couldn't get a signal in my own kitchen, and i live in the middle of a big city, not out in the country) and in the end, i've shelved this phone for a smaller one with a cheaper monthly fee.
i started out with the sidekick color switched for a short time to the blackberry 7100t and then came back to the sidekick ii. i so love this phone. there is no other phone on the market that compares in many areas.pro's -super easy to use.best messaging out therebest screen out therecrazy good data servicegood downloads for ringtones, games and appsgreat signal (i was in rural kentucky and still got a signal)very reliablebest data/voice plan with t-mobile -- i have been with t-mobile for 5 years or so and have tried other services during that time. no other service has provided any better phone, signal, or features for a lower or even a competitive price.con'sin order for service to remain good you have to periodically reset the phone. dont know why, but when i do that it fixes any reception problems. t-mobile techs said this was a good idea.that's it everything else is normal and great about this phone.unless you need corporate email dont bother with the blackberry. it was the worst phone i have ever used.
i've had my skii fo a little over a month now and find it a good fit for my needs.  i am a business user, not a snoop dog groupie, and this is a very cool device.coverage in my area (austin, tx is good)and while i have not yet traveled away from the ih-35 corridor, i had good voice and data coverage all the way to the tx/ok stateline (as far north as i went). for $20/month all you can eat data, this is a screaming deal.  i don't find the web surfing that useful (speed is about like a 28kbps dial-up connection) but for email it is superior to the blackberry 957 i used a number of years ago.  the interface for the phone and for email and the address book is great.  far better than any nokia phone i have ever used.  the intellisync software allows me to create use a separate address book in outlook that i can then sync with the skii with a one button push.  very simple and means you can have an abreviated address book if you are concerned about having this infor resident on tmo/danger's servers.  i agree with another reviewier that it would be better that this info is not resident, but if that's a concern, limit what you leave on the server.drawbacks are no bluetooth, no resident memory for email, pictures etc, no removable memory stick and no easy way to create and use your own ringtones.great things, great keyboard (nicer/bigger than crackberry), intuitive interface/software screen size/clarity. camera a nice feature, easy to email pics anywhere. a very cool and functional device if you need phone and and email. the web and other stuff are "ok" but tmo data network will have to get faster and more wap coded websites for content that is relevent for that to be a big reason to buy/use this device.i purchased through danger's website total cost $0 after $200 instant discount and $100 in rebates. worth a year's contract with tmo in my book.  paying $49/mo for 3000 regional anytime minuets and $20/mo for all you can eat data (email, text messaging, etc, etc everything data included).i would recommend this to anyone that really needs email and occaisional web service in addition to phone service.  not the smallest/best coolest phone, but the best convergent communication device on the market right now imho.
pro's:very easy to use.qwerty keyboardota (over the air) software upgrades that add usability to it once or twice a year.full buddy list loading for aim and yim.synchs to both windows and mac computers.large clear screen.allow for export of web bookmarks.use up to three pop3 or imap4 email addresses with it.con'sno external memory.limited camera memory.no bluetooth.no spell checker for the emailno microsoft exchange email support so no corporate email unless it is a pop3 or allows you to login from the web.overall an excellent device.
i give it five stars - despite some technical problems:you can send and receive vcfs in e-mail attachments - but you can't always file them when you receive them. they are rendered well enough such that you can move the material manually.  this varies - as long as they have a filename that ends in .vcf and a mime type of text/x-vcard or text/directory, and otherwise are formatted correctly, they will get taken. but, some applications, for example, evolution, that great linux e-mail application, does not give something that was never a file a meaningless filename, so the sidekick will not file evolution's vcards (unless you export them to a file and resend them with the right mime type).rather than picking the name of the vcard for import out of the vcard's formatting, the sidekick uses the filename. this might mean that it would be simply to pass garbage through the vcf interface, so be careful.you can get urls in sms messages and they show up as urls, but you can't click on them. you can't click on urls out of the aim browser - you can copy the text and mail it to yourself, then click on the urls out of the mail, where it pulls them out and makes them clickable at the end.the documentation says that the phone has a wap browser. you might say, "with a regular browser, why would i care about a wap browser?" - the answer is bandwidth - you want to look up a phone number, wap will be faster.  and there are some cool wap games. but the real answer, according to the t-mobile tech supervisor is that the wap browser is vaporware - it does not work.  maybe someday.  there are sites you can't browse without javascript that have working wap analogues (like microsoft's sms generation site).  so you can't browse them at all from the phone.that is about it.  most of the rest is great. i moved my nextel data over by exporting the data from the nextel site, and, in openoffice, i rearranged the column names to match what would have been exported from outlook express, and then imported.  oh, yes, i also built names with a formula. saved it as a comma file, just like outlook had, and, poof, in about a minute, a couple hundred phone numbers, addresses, and names migrated and merged and appeared on my phone.  i could have mailed vcfs for the 70-80 contacts that i was using, but that didn't work.i've resisted all the games (i want minesweeper - yes, i know it is lame).  i might have to drop $4 for solitare.i did drop $10 for the terminal program, and it has already become helpful - the terminal program is wonderful for something on such a tiny device. i can check out servers by connecting to them in raw mode, by port. i can ssh, securely, to my server. there are lots of disconnects, mostly related to when you stop typing to think for a couple of minutes, but a program available in linux called "screen" allows you to save programs running in the background and reconnect to them, see their output, get status, and all that stuff. i can even get on irc using a character mode irc client.someone called me to fix something on a weekend - it was something i could have fixed in 5 minutes on a real terminal, it took eight on the tiny terminal. in many ways, emacs seems to work better than vi does in character mode, but they both work.one secret is that you can log in to your windows box using ssh in character mode using free products from cygwin or sfu (from microsoft if you have pro). command line only, sorry.to echo the comments about the aim client, which is utterly reliable vs. the yahoo client, which drops and reconnects all the time, is probably worthwhile.the documentation suggests that you surf with graphics off for speed. but many buttons are graphical and, unlike every other character or graphics off browser that simply displays the alt text, or, if there is none, "[image]", the button completely goes away, which means that you can't access what the button points to. this essentially means that you have to leave graphics on to surf.occasionally, web sites are mis-represented - on ebay, for example, there is an extra entry bubble generated between the search text bubble and the putton you push - if you enter text there (which seems the right place) searches don't work.despite all these niggling problems, and t-mobile's hapless tech support, i am still giving this device five stars. the astounding thing about a poker playing dog is not that it wags its tail when it has a good hand, but that it can tell that it has a good hand at all.the difference between getting text directions and being able to pull up a map of the area you are in as you drive down the road is wonderful - and then javascript stops you from being able to pull up a turn by turn map as you need it.i did not expect to have something in my hand that would allow me to log in to my system using ssh, browse at all, much less pull up mapquest maps.
the sidekick 2 has a better form factor than the competitors such as treo 600/610 and blackberry offerings. it has a better more comfortable keyboard. it's more like a mini computer than a phone, which i like. it can fully multitask, unlike palm. you can download a webpage, check email and chat on aim all at the same time, unlike  on the palm, which will interrupt the process if you leave the application. further, the sidekick ii has both aim and yahoo! messenger.i like the built in camera and i find i don't miss having a palm at all especially now that you can use intellisync with the sidekick 2 to sync all your contact/calendar information with your desktop computer. i never really liked stylus input on the palm anyway and again the keyboard on the sidekick is a lot better. the blackberry units are nice however i still find the sidekick more cool, easier to use and it has better instant messaging capabilities.my only slight complaint is that the sidekick 2 does not have a replaceble battery. i would much prefer to be able to swap out the battery.
i have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone, and this one is the best. i'm happy to finally have a clear screen cover that works. for the past two years i wouldn't even try them, using only the anti-glare covers. then i would get tired of the anti-glare covers because in my opinion they detracted from the attractiveness of the screen.this cover looks great; you have to look real close to even realize there is a cover on there (wasn't the case with previous clear covers i had used). boxwave sent me cleaning supplies with the two covers - that made it very easy to apply without getting any dust caught in between. and finally, finger prints do not show up as readily as they do when there is no cover.nice screen cover. highly recommended.
the order was delivered on time and the clear touch is nice fit for my galaxy s4. i ordered the anti glare version and it is easy to apply w/o any air bubbles. the protector works nice on the sun light. also no finger prints or marks visible. would definitely recommencement.
absolutely love this screen protector. it came on time and the product was just as expected. i love how it comes equipped with everything you need to install it. a wetnap, dry nap, cleaning cloth, and the flattening clip you use to even out the protector once its on. it looked very professional and my galaxy s4 screen looks super vibrant and clean. you can not even tell that theres a screen protector. i would recommend this screen protector to anyone because the value surpasses the price. afforable and efficient.
i've been a loyal boxwave customer for years. the quality, price, value, and dust free installation are unbeatable. these shields do a great job at protecting all of my electronics and also hold up well to scratches so that i don't need to even replace them. could not be happier.
just recived my screen protectors and there amazing. they came packaged very well. they come with a very thivk cleaning cloth and some wet and dry cleaning wipes. once i put on protector on it was really clear no problems at all great feeling to the protector it was cut really well. will defenetly buy more when i need them wont be using another protector but boxwave.. very satisfied (:
oh my, crystal clear... stands up to its name. ..absolutely easy directions to follow... no lint. . my screen looks like it has no protector on it. i am very careful with my device, so i do not know how it will handle items scratching the screen or fingerprints..i received it quickly, and i didn't have to pay for shipping, plus because i bought one item, received this packet for free. it comes with two screen protectors. if you follow the directions, you should not need the other. i have purchased others, and followed the directions and still end up with lint underneath... yes, i would recommend this item. ..it is a must have for your phone. ..
i'm a lover of all gadgets and always have to get the "coolest" cell phone out there at the time.  this phone has been really great over the past 14+ months that i've owned it (i have the blue version).  i've not had one problem with it doing anything it shouldn't do (i.e. randomly powering off, antenna problems, etc).  i cannot say that for every cell phone i've ever owned.  lg makes a great cell phone and within their different models, i think this one is the best i've seen so far.  my brother has this exact model and loves it, too.the phone has a beautiful color screen, easy to navigate menus, a nice camera and video function, and outstanding battery life.  the only complaint i will echo is that it would be nice at times to have a speakerphone.  other than that, this cell phone is the best i've found - including several other lg models that friends and family own.
i had it over 3 years and it was working great. battery lasts very long. phone is very durable and solid.
i regret buying this phone, it's really big, and verizon service isn't that great with this phone.  for some reason other verizon phones have like 3 bars when mine has 1, or will have 1 bar when i'm getting no service.  that said, the phone does have a beautiful inner lcd, the outer lcd is pretty bad.  you can play with the settings. it has loads of features like alarms and calanders and everything else you could think of.  the camera is terrible, which is pretty much true with all cell phones though, so that's a non unique gripe. the phone is also moderately fruity, like when you make or recieve calls, the outer led will start blinking purple, blue, pink etc and it makes you look like a teenage girl, and the menus are all kind of childish.  that said, when the phone does have some bars, calls never drop and it's pretty easy to set up the phone.  i'm not sure what other options there are out there for verizon cell phones, i recently switched from tmobile, but im sure you can do better than this phone, good luck.
i like camera phones, but i can't believe this phone don't have usb cable to upload pics..i have to pay $.25 for sending each pics..viewing all camera phones, this one is pretty nice..it's got flash, and it's got 4 different types of resolutions..it zooms in more than i expected..other than camera, for contact list, it gives you to save #s, pic, ringtones for a person..i think thats good..i guess that's all i'm gonna say..overall, phone is decent.for other viewers, if you wanna buy this, you should buy it now, and don't wait cause more updated phones will come out soon
ok, so i used to have a motorola t720 (one of the worst phones made), and a motorola timeport 8767 (one of the best phones ever made).  i needed a new phone and ventured into the local verizon wireless store.  i happen upon the lg vx7000 and think...this thing is huge!  i don't need a camera in my phone...but then i pick it up and play around with it.  it's pretty comfortable to hold.  the screen is nice, bright and clear.  i wind up purchasing one from vzw online and when the phone arrives, i put it to the test.this phone so far for me has been terrific! the phone itself is a tad larger than my last t720 but not by much...the main lcd is a nice bright tft screen.  included are some wallpapers, 3 "real" pics(a sunset scene, an island scene, and a group of people scene), a verizon logo wallpaper and a few "doodle type" cartoony pics.  you can change the settings for the display easily, as the ui for this lg is much better than my old moto.  the front lcd is nice enough...you can also set a wallpaper here or use a pic taken from the camera to use as a picture id when that person calls.ringtones...kinda forgettable (i am beginning to think cell phone providers tell phone makers to make some pretty useless ringers so you download decent ones).  you can however, record your own which sound surprisingly good with the internal mic, as well as download them from verizon's get it now brew service.  you can also, use mp3's as ringtones through a little trick.  one think i like...this phone is loud!!  i can hear it ringing in a crowded shopping mall even.  the vibrate feature works well enough and can be activated quickly (though this requires you to flip open the phone).the camera is located where the "hinge" of the flip would be and rotates so you can snap a pic of yourself without contorting your face and arms to face the lens.  you can also change some pic settings like black and white and sepia tones, etc.  the camera is quite decent for a vga cell phone camera.  there is a flash though this is rather useless except for close up pics.  the camera also lets you take 15 sec video clips which you can save and email to your friends.  while i figured i'd never use this feature, i have twice already.  the advantages of having the camera/video in something you always carry is quite nice...it's fine for candid moments and though your friends might know you have a camera phone, they won't probably guess you're video recording them. :dthe call quality is nice,loud, and clear...much better than my old cell phone. battery life for me has been approx. 5 days with light usage and charges in a little over 2 hrs.  mind you, the old "blue versions" of this phone had a charging plug near the data port...the new "black face" ones charge straight through the data port.the holster that came with mine (the black vx7000) was great...solid and not cheapy like some phones are.  notice that the face of the phone flashes colored led's near the "flash" when you receieve a call or are making one...some like it some don't.i like the phone and it's size is deceptive. tonight i showed it to a friend and she said, "that thing is huge!"..then we compared it to her panasonic camera phone and she noticed...hers was bigger lol.  this is one of verizon's best cell phones right now...highly recommended.
guys,i have used several of my friends bluetooth headsets (motorolas and jabras) and had decided i didn't want one.  then i found the mobile freedom and read the reviews.  i know logitech and have used a lot of their stuff with good results so i tried it.  it does everything you have read!!  it's quiet in the wind, it's battery lasts for days for me, it's easy to use, easy to pair and the sound quality is awesome!!  nobody could ever tell i was using a headset.  it takes a bit to get used to the ear clip, but once you do there are no problems.  it may be a bit heavier and larger than some, but then those little tiny ones that look so chic also have terrible reviews and terrible performance!!  try it out, you won't regret it.
i get significant transmission static with this headset with my i-mate sp3i unless i point the phone directly at the headset from a few feed away. it has static if i put the phone in my shirt pocket! since i haven't done a baseline test of the phone with other bluetooth headsets, i can't say if it is the headset or the phone, but either way, if you buy one of these and have the same problem, make sure and return it within the return period.another problem is the plastic ear holder (the part that holds the headset to your ear). this is a bad design and honestly, there is no way to get this thing to properly and confortably fit my ear. the only way to wear it is to have half your ear lobe hanging out, which result in a lot of pain within 10min or so. avoid this headset if you want wear a headset for extended periods of time.a final note: the wind blocking technology works well, but at the expense of a high quality sound transmission to your recipent. i've asked a few of my techno-geek-friends when i'm talking to them with the headset, and they all say that the sound quality seems to be missing a full dynamic range.good luck!
i bought the logitech after reading numerous reviews on various brands.  i use the device with a motorola v551 phone (cingular).  it works geat!  it charges very quickly and the charger folds up in a compact fashion when not in use (the electrical prongs fold up into a recess in the charger). the unit holds a charge for a long time.  i left it in a drawer for a month, pulled it out and it was still ready to go!i use the device a couple of times a month on business, when driving, etc.  the windscreen is outstanding and cuts out noise even when driving with the window open.  some people complain about the ear piece.  it seems fine to me and you can adjust it easily, but keep in mind any headset is an annoyance when you first wear one.  then it becomes second nature.the sound is great, the phone detects the device quickly, its fairly comfortable. all it all it performs just like a device twice its price,
i have a motorola razr phone and i absolutely hate it because it has low hearing volume and bad reception resulting in missed calls.  i was seriously planning on returning/selling it until i got this freedom headset!it makes a huge difference!  very lightweight and comfortable!  no problems with range or battery life.  a little bulky though.  just got it the other day and a must buy, especially at $40 with $10 rebate = $30!!
its the only bluetooth headset i've used, so i don't have anything to compare it with.  has made my ipaq 6315 much more usable as a phone.  sound quality is good, some people say i sound far away, i'm experimenting with the gain on the ipaq, we'll see if that helps.  it was a little tight for me at first (big ears), i was able to bend the part that goes around the ear a little and its much better now.  great battery life.would be nice to have an external ringer on it, so i could hear it ringing or vibrate if i were away from the phone.  good range 15-30'.
i had bought the motorola hs820 before this one for $80. i have a motorola v505 from at&t.; the motorola worked pretty well, but i thought $80 for a bluetooth headset was way too much. i returned the motorola and picked up the logitech instead and for 1/2 the cost, i was just as happy.it fits a little awkwardly on my ear, but so did the motorola, so i am thinking my ears are the problem. call clarity and voice recognition is good. battery life is good. weight on ear is good. overall, i am pretty impressed!i wish there was some way to adjust the tightness of the earpiece as it feels kind of loose on my ear. would also be nice if the "on" button wasn't so small that you covered it up with your finger when you turned it on, making it hard to see the flashing blue light.whenever i use my microwave, it makes the bluetooth connection drop. just warning ya'. ;)
i've been using this headset for a few months and couldn't be more pleased with the battery life. it recently had no problems keeping up with a four hour skype session!it is also capable of pairing with multiple devices, so you can for instance use it with your computer at home and your cell phone on the road without having to redo the pairing every time, something cheap brand-x headsets don't do.logitech was kind enough to supply a very tiny charger, perfect if you take your headset on the road. for those international trips, no problem: it can handle 100 to 240 volts and 50 to 60 hz (translation for the technologically challenged: you can use it anywhere in the world, just get a cheap prong adapter)on the negative side, it's possible to jam the connector into the headset the wrong way if you're not careful. of course the battery won't charge up and the light won't go on, a dead giveaway. it caused no damage to my headset, but the connector design could be better.i found this headset very comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. the volume is loud and the sound quality is very clear. people on the other side liked the sound quality as well.there are a few negative points that cost this otherwise excellent headset a star:* after 10 minutes of inactivity, it goes to low-power mode "sleep". when the phone it is paired with rings, it may take up to 5 rings for it to wake up and start ringing. if you press the answer button before the headset starts ringing, you will lose the call. if you want to answer right away, you can always answer on the phone but if you do so pressing the answer button on the headset will not transfer the call to the headset like it did on my sony ericsson hbh headset, but hang up. to transfer the call to the headset, use the appropriate menu on the phone instead.* the ring on the headset is an irritating, non-modifiable melody. it would be nice to have a few options!* the headset is fairly large and dorky-looking.despite these few drawbacks, don't forget that this is a very capable, well made and reliable headset at a bargain basement price, one of the best out there. if you can live with the looks, it's a super deal.
the "behind the ear" thing just broke...i baby my stuff and treat it very lightly, and this piece of junk just fell apart!!!very dissapointed!!!i should have made my additions to this review long ago, but logitech cam through for me on this headset in a huge way! they immediately sent me a replacement of the headset, but not just a replacement, an $85 replacement! then told me to keep the broken one, which i was able to fix with some krazy glue!really incredible customer support...i will never hesitate to buy something branded with the logitech name!btw, 5 stars on the earpiece itself once it was repaired with the glue.
i'm a great believer in spending as little as possible on glitz,bells and whistles, and generally go for performance and practicality. sound quality and features are fine for the price.  but the unit is quite difficult to wear -- the boom is wide and boxy; the weight is unbalanced, as well.  i could not get a comfortable fit.  my ear is well within normal range of size and shape, but was bent out of shape by the headset.on the positive, wind noise and lost connections -- common criticisms of other bt headsets -- was not a problem here.  if you don't care about medium to long term fit and comfort, or the aesthetics of walking around with such an large unit hanging off your ear, you may be happy with this headset.  i wasn't, and am returning it.  i'm going to give the cardo scala a try;  if it's no good, i'll probably go with a jabra, and spend a bit more money.
i've had this for about a year.  it works great.  great call quality, no static.  battery life is real good.  the only bad part is this looks like a part of a males anatomy and i don't really want that on my head.  otherwise great buy.
let me say a few things:buy this device.  here are the reasons:- 7-8 hours talk time- true 30 feet range- wind filter for clear talking- small and comfortable, doesn't intrude your ear- crazy price, huge quality- warranty and reliability of logitech!i've used a sony ericsson and jabra bt200 and i would say the jabra is much better than sony ericsson, but the logitech blows them both away.  it's faster to put on the logitech and the range is much better.  the microphone is clear and crisp and the speaker volume is loud and sufficient.for me, i used a jabra a210 bluetooth adapter for a sprint sanyo 8100 phone w/2.5mm headset jack.  it gave me bt on my phone so i could use this headset.  the auto-answer and hang up depends on your phone whether it would normally do so with a headset or not.  works great for me!if you are considering a headset, get this one.  it's what bluetooth technology should be like.  it's so great that amazon sold out...  nice.  it was $39.99 (where did they all go???)
i was a bit skeptical when i saw the price and read some reviews but i thought hey its logitech it must be good.  i was right this headset is very comfortable compared to another headset i just bought.  the ear speaker is loud even to the point that i don't have to have it on the highest setting.  the mic was the thing i was worried about though, so i called my friend's cell phone and talked to myself and i was pleasantly surprised with the sound volume and clarity.  also i haven't had any complaints from other friends i've talked to with the headset.  it has been my experience that logitech makes the best wireless devices for the buck and they didn't let me down with this one (second logitech wireless devices in two month; i also bought their xbox controller which is definitely also worth the buy.)
the sound quality was excellent, but the earpiece is flimsy and irreplacable: terrific electrical engineering, poor mechanical engineering.i loved it when it wasn't broken.  even wind didn't seem to bother the headset much.  the voice quality was great on transmission and reception.  but the earpiece is incredibly flimsy and can't be replaced.  i got a new headset the first time on warranty.  the second time it broke i could have gotten a free replacement again but i didn't want the hassle.  i have a scala now that i've been using for months and i'm very happy with it, even though the sound and wind-immunity doesn't measure up to the logitech.
i have used it now for 2 weeks with a razr v3 and i am satisfied it works as advertised. it was very easy to pair the headset with the phone. the sound is good even in noisy environments. the headset is light, confortable and fits well.my only complaint is about the smart button used to turn on/off, answer, dial and pair. the button is also a led indicator. the led flashes diferently (different colors, intervals) for various modes but it is difficult to see the led while pushing and holding the button. after a few days i got used to it and now i know how long to hold the button down to switch on/off, pair or use voice dial.at $42 it is a good deal.
very cheap excellent value. the problem with most is their uselessness when confronted by windy conditions- this does a much better job than most. v simple instructinos, though it lacks the ability to switch easily between headset & phone & back.nevertheless at $35 or under, brilliant value.
pros:- price- ease of pairing- sound quality (yours and theirs)- battery lifecons- painful for an extended time (10 mins)- hard to tell if on or off
i bought the logitech mobile freedom headset (980228-0403) for use with voip on my hp zt3000 windows xp sp2 notebook. i wanted to use a wireless headset and voip to make international calls, mostly from hotel rooms. this headset did not work out of the box for my situation. the logitech support website was great. it said to upgrade the notebook's bluetooth software. the hp site was also excellent. i downloaded bluetooth and many other newer drivers. once installed, the headset immediately worked as docuemented. the other newer drivers solved all the weird hibernation problems i've been experiencing too. i'm using skype for voip service. skype setup has an option for using the bluetooth headset for skype only, otherwise the normal audio devices are used. all in all, installation was a bit of upgrade work but competently supported. i now have a voip connected wireless headset that allows me mobile freedom. due to my usage, i have no comment on the audio quality or useability with mobile phones. the device apparently will not work with the majority of pocketpcs due to a lack of bluetooth software. thus i only gave it 4 stars. however, hp does sell stereo headphones (no microphone) for most ipaq models.update: 15-march-2005 am able to pair with axim x50v pocketpc. has considerable static. skype and other apps nearly unusable. continues to work with xp well. suggest plantronics mx100i stereo headset for using skype on a ppc.
got this headset to replace my jabra (which was incompatable with my nokia 3650). fit and comfort is extremely subjective but i found the jabra to be far more comfortable (i would actually forget i was wearing it); that said, this unit is not uncomfortable (until after a couple hours) just not nearly as comfortable or securely fitting.very few complaints as far as performance. it was easy to pair with my phone, my wife's motorola v3 and even my laptop. sound quality is clear for both parties (recipients occasionally complained of a pinging noise with the jabra) and the noise reduction actually works to eliminate wind noise. battery life is excellent. the single function can be a little aggrevating (especially when trying to turn it off as you have to hold it down for a long time). the only weird and very rare quirk is occassionally calls will be interrupted with a strange sound that sounds like someone dropping a manhole cover as it spins on pavement - very strange, very annoying and fortunately very rare.overall, performance is top notch, comfort is acceptable and value is difficult to beat.
i have been using this for a month.pros:it is a good value.  it works really well, and it lasts a very long time on a charge.  the windstop feature works very well.  people have been able to hear me very well while driving and even while playing volleyball.  it stays on the ear well but is not uncomfortable.cons:the unit looks okay but is less attractive than some of the other high-tech units on the market.  3 of my co-workers have commented that it looks like i am wearing a phallic symbol on my ear, which is really not the look i would like to achieve.
because i spent a lot of time on the phone, i am very particular about bt headsets.  i have tried every brand of bt headset you can imagine, i mean every brand.  i was so frustrated to a point i was ready to go back to wired headset until i ran into this little guy.  this is by far the best one, hands down.  my most miserable experence was with jabra and motorola.  i had a lot of connection and audio quality issues with those brands.bt headset designers seem to favor visual appeal rather than performance.  i don't understand by most headsets on the market are short and stubby, in which the microphone is right next to your ear instead of your month.  having microphone that far away results in having to turn up the microphone sensitivity, which cause the headset to pick up everything including background noise.  lack of an effective noise-filtering system such as the one in this logitech headset, you end up with wind noise, car noise, ac noise, every kind of noise but your voice.  in additional, the close promixity between the speak and microphone creates a feedback loop for a nice serving of constant echoing.  i lost count of the occasions when my friends and coworkers on the other end of the phone tell me to "get off your crappy jabra bt headset" or "take me off your motorola bt headset".  i am amazed that people on the other end can easily tell it's a jabra bt headset because the horrid sound quality.onto this gem, the sound quality is amazing, by far the best of the bunch.  the windstop system really does work.  together with the farther extending microphone, this unit produce the best sound both incoming and outgoing.  i know many users complaining about the fit, but it's really a fault of the user.  as one reviewer pointed out, there is a "correct" way to wear this, and i think it provides an excellent fit and comfort.i can't speak for all, but i personally don't wear a bt headset as a fashion statement.  i use it as a mean for convenience and safety, so sound quality and fit are top factors for my consideration.  on that note, this is a clear winner.  i wish product managers and designers at motorola and particularly jabra take note of that.  jabra (250 and 250v models) being the worst with it's behind the ear design and a heavy-trigger button is really a very lousy product in terms of usability and sound quality.  i am sure customers that raved about jabra would rank this unit out of this world!
good reception. it fits ok on my ear but not perfectly. it seems sturdy. price was better than most. the wind doesn't bother it much either.
we bought the plantronics hl10 handset lifter to go with ourplantronics cs-55 dect 6.0 digital wireless office headsetand have been very pleased with both devices. using the handset lifter give you the ability to answer calls directly from the wireless headset, which is good if you spend a lot of time away from the physical phone to which the headset unit is connected.setup was amazingly easy, just following the directions allowed us to get this installed in just a few minutes on our very inexpensive no-name speaker phone.like our plantronics headset, this has passed the test of time and i would buy a new one if it failed today.highly recommended!cfh
this device allows me to answer incoming calls on my nec phone while i roam the office with my plantronics wireless headset in place. this headset already has enough wireless range to cover half the floor in my building, so the ability to answer the phone at such a distance is extremely useful in a bunch of situations. a couple of key features:when a call comes in, either intercom or from an external line, there is a chime in my ear that alerts me to the call. i can then press the single button on the headset and the receiver is lifted, allowing me to receive the call.when the call is done, i press the single button again and the receiver hangs up.it's about as simple as conceivably possible.the install instructions were however less than perfect. to get this to work properly, i have to unplug the phone base from the handset and in to the plantronics unit. the handset is then plugged in to the plantronics unit. this was not explicitly stated in the install instructions. it took 10-15 minutes to figure out the trick. once that was worked out however, everything has been perfect.the only thing that i cannot easily do is pick up parked calls as there is no function to select a line. i can live with that shortcoming.
first of all, i must start out by saying that i am a little surprised that this little mechanical device is even necessary with all of the technological advances out there these days.  the hl-10 is kind of a "throw back to the seventies" in terms of its jerry rigging function.  having said this...  plantronics builds quality stuff and i am sure that there is a good reason for it.  the device does exactly what it is supposed to do once you adjust it for your individual phone.  i was a little concern that it would fit my phone but they include plenty of adjustment options to take care of any setup.  i am using it with a plantronics cs351n  headset - which i love for it professional wireless function.  i tested the hl-10 by picking up/hanging up the headset 10 times in sucession and the lifter raised and lowered the receiver successfully each time.  that was good enough for me.  definitely worth the $ if you own a wireless headset and you roam around the house/office while talking on the phone.
there isn't much to say here.  for the phone system i have, this was needed to enable the remote functions of the  plantronics-cs540 convertible wireless headset.  it could be more aesthetically-pleasing, but as i'm sure it's designed for a wide variety of phones that need a remote lifter, i suppose you can't complain.mounting the unit can be tricky.  you need to be certain it will work properly before you use the sticky tape to mount it in place.  so, you wind up holding it with one hand while working your headset to activate/deactivate it several times to be sure you've found the right spot for it.comes with a special headset adapter for phones with shapes that offset the lifter bar.
i used this phone lifter in combination with the plantronics cs50 wireless office headset.  it was a powerful combination that allowed me to answer my phone up to 300 feet away from my office. this lifter fits onto your phone base and lifts the receiver when you press a button on your remote headset.  you can answer the phone or hang-up when the call is completed without ever touching the receiver.the lifter came with a plug in mini-microphone ring detector that attached to my base phone and it allowed the base station to notify me when the phone was ringing.  the setup was quick and easy and the device took up almost no space on my desk as it attached to my phone.i spent thousands of hours a year on the phone and this device along with my remote wireless headset saved me a lot of neck stress and phone holding for hours a day.  this is a useful tool in any modern office and i recommend it to you.
this device takes a signal from a wireless headset like the cs540 and lifts up the receiver from your base phone unit. depending on your phone's angle and the conformation of the receiver, it may work or not. my phone is a toshiba digital phone and i was able to get this to work only by angling the phone almost horizontally, which makes it look stupid on my desk and also makes it hard to read the lcd and caller id.installing it is a bit twitchy, as you have to temporarily mount it somehow on the side of the phone as you play with where it is to sit, and if it's angled correctly. that's because the stickum adhesive is pretty permanent, so you have to decide the optimum  placement before you attach it. i had to resort to duct tape for this step.i'm going to be frank and say i have a love-hate (maybe mostly hate) relationship with plantronics equipment. i go through headsets lately like nobody's business. my first one lasted 10 years! that was excellent. but the next one lasted 2 minutes (an m22) which only lasted that long because i tap danced on it before i threw it in the trash. the latest is a cs540 which i will review once i have one that doesn't arrive doa. that's right, dead out of the box. i got it overnight shipped, only to diagnose a bad cable from receiver to amplifier (which will take a week to get replaced.) nice! overnight emergency turns into a tech job for me, plus a week's wait. i put all this stuff in the review, because i'm not sure plantronics deserves their top spot in telephone headset and accessories. we're pretty much stuck using them and i see the quality going down over the years. this lifter is case in point; it's not the swiftest design imaginable. the little extender rod/gripper that is your last-ditch method to get your receiver to hang up is a kludge, in my opinion. perhaps you've had better results, but i find this thing less than perfect.
it looks strange stuck to the side of the phone, but we have an older starpluss sts system that needs the handset lifted for a wireless headset to work properly.  this item was easy to set up.  it took about 10 minutes to unpack and install.
our office phones lifters stopped working so i decided to take a chance on these lifters instead of having to order a whole new headset and so glad i did.  they work great!
this handset lifter is great.  it works exactly as i expected it to. it also arrived when i expected it to.
the vender of our phone system wanted to charge us hundreds of dollars for some other mechenism to interface with our wireless headset system.  the plantronics hl 10 was not only much less expensive, it works flawlessly and was easy to install.
hl10 handset lifter works great, very fast to pick up if away from the phone base!  i would buy again.
works great, a very useful accessory for any wireless headset and the amazon price is right compared to what plantronics wants!!!
plantronics hl10 handset lifter was what was promised and it was delivered on time. i got this for my boss and he seems to like it.
this is a great product, but i order the wrong size and i intend to pass it forward to anyone in need of it.  the purchase price was great.make sure you know the size of that adapter, before making your selection.
my wife uses this at work and had been using this for a year and it still works. i normally buy every 3 months because she breaks them. this is the only one that lasted more than 3 months.
these were exactly what my mother needed for her old nokia 2690.  she goes through them quickly, so i got her two.
they r a good price and it works a win win situation.  people have no problem hearing me or i them .
it says it's compatible with all motorola handsets...  it doesn't work at all with motorola/giant talkabout frs/gmrs/cb 2-way radios having 2.5mm jacks.  very disappointing.
bought this for work and it works great. the sound is clear and the microphone is located in a convenient location. the clip is also a great addition to the headset.
i bought this for my husband.  he likes it and it works jut fine for him.  he has one in each vehicle he drives
i had to teach an on-line webex class. normally i am provided a phone bridge. however, this time, they wanted to utilize voip only. i didn't want to use a normal head set with a cord tie'n me to within 6 feet of the computer. i needed 8 hours of talk time, i'm the instructor. this fit the bill. i let it charge over night and it's ready for the next day. i do put it back in the charger during lunch break. the only reason i didn't give it a 5 star is that my ear hurt at the end of the day. the piece that goes over the head to keep the unit to my ear put to much pressure on my ear. i will have to try the other ear adapters.
i could not be more impressed. i was highly skeptical as i have been buying bluetooth headsets like crazy trying to find one that worked, and they're all pretty much junk. this thing worked all the way out to the sidewalk, and likely much further, but that's as far as i went. the quality on the other end is very clear. the manual is plain stupid, it looks like they were half way through putting it together when they released it, but on the mac the manual was of course not needed, just plug it in and it worked without any of the driver install nonsense windows requires. btw, i am using it primarily with skype.ok, i have to add something to this review. there's a fatal flaw in this device. a flaw that makes the device near worthless to me now. if the usb cable is unplugged, but the earpiece is left clipped into the holder/charger, the battery runs down within hours. obviously a simple diode somewhere would have prevented this, but for me the device now is close to useless.update: may 8th 2011. so, 5 years later, the device is seriously failing. the electronics in the device are dying. i am having to constantly remove the battery to get the headset to work, and it's cutting me off in the middle of calls. it also refuses to charge, and discharges when not in use even when the base is connected via usb. it's a pity its failing, and i came looking for a new version, but there is none. should i just buy it again?
this is a usb wireless headset. just plug it in to your mac or pc and it sees it as another sound device , no drivers needed (xp or os x) i tested it with skype on the mac and teamspeak on my pc . it comes with a sound api for windows for skype and a few others that allow the buttons on the phone to pickup or hangup calls , i did not try it out because i just like to use apps as is without special add ons ...the range is great , so if you skype and dont want to be tied to your pc then plug this bad boy in and your free to walk all over the house , same goes for teamspeak for the gamers out there.it was so pleasing for something to just work out of the box for a change! i tried for hours to do the same thing using bluetooth and it was a mess... this thing just works!
set it up, it worked great for a little over 24 hours and the base unit failed to connect to my laptop. returned and purchased a different item. didn't want to take the business risk of replacing with the same thing.  can't afford to be offline for as long as it will take to get this replaced.to be fair, i have used several plantronics headsets and they were all great... my all time favorite is now 10+ years old and not compatible with google voice (though it does work great with cisco ip phone). i also have a bluetooth plantronics voyager headset for my iphone and it is also very good.
i use this product for skype calls.  i found it to be the most high quality (but expensive) wireless headset for voip uses. i use it on windows vista and windows 7.  the headset lasts a long time (all day) without charging, and i can go from my computer outside the house and half way down the street and i still have clear calls.  the ear piece is not as comfortable as i'd like, but after you wear it a while i think your head adjusts to the shape.software install was easy, and setup was pretty no-brainer.  it has other functionality and adjustments that i do not use and have not had to learn about.i use this brand also for a regular phone headset on my work phone and absolutely love it.  i've found very high quality calls and battery life on every plantronics device i've ever used.
my previous two palmos phones were a kyocera 6035 and a samsung i500. had i not needed bluetooth to work with my new toyota prius, i'd have stuck with the i500. in fact, if samsung/sprint had released the i550 (sd memory slot, faster, etc.) i would have never considered the treo 650.  so, let's talk about the positives of the 650:camera w/movies is nice.  memory card slot is nice.  it's fast. bluetooth sync with my mac powerbook is awesome - no more plugging up cables to hotsync! handfree in the prius works great. having a palmos 5 based machine gives a more powerful web browser that can view more sites. higher rez screen is nice.on the downside, the lack of graffiti would be okay if this keyboard was as good as the one in the old motorola pagewriter, but instead, it's as small as they could make it, requiring shift-keys to get to slashes, @ symbols, numbers, etc. a real hassel and even though i could blaze on the pagewriter, i've been reduced to about half the speed on this keyboard due to all the extra work.  having software-graffiti would have been nice, and the third-party add-on "write on screen" apps are okay, but not as accurate as what my 6035 or i500 had.no voice recognition at all, but for $20 you can get a program that is awesome and doesn't have to be trained.  "call 5 5 5 1 2 1 2" and it does.  "call bob tompson mobile" and it matches it to the address book -- no training, beyond numbers. very nice.battery life is so-so.  you have to charge it each day if you use the 'net much. i500 was poor, too, but better than this.  the 6035 i could use for almost a week without charging it!  (6035 and i500 had analog modes, too, while the 650 is digital only.)so, it's okay, i'm okay with it, it crashes/reboots randomly all the time, but ... there's really no other option on sprint.i would have taken a flip phone over this huge brick phone in a heartbeat... but there is none, so, with that said, the treo 650 is okay.  more steps back, a few steps forward, but no other choiuce.
i just got the treo 650 through pre-order the other day after using the treo 600 for over a year (and 4 replacements ... the 600s just kept breaking). it is a dramatic improvement and i love it.the screen is now high res and looks incredibly clear, the bluetooth works wonderfully with the wireless jabra headset. when a call comes in simply hit answer on the phone and the call comes through the headset. i don't particularly like the comfort fit of the jabra on my ear so i will probably be looking at other alternatives as well.the camera is now actually good enough to take snapshots you would keep. almost as good as some of the low end digital cameras.  a few of the critical buttons are placed more intuitively.initial setup went pretty smoothly, so far, it seamlessly upgraded my old treo 600 software and imported all my contacts and calendar as well as almost all my applications.  the sprint phone rep that activated my phone actually seemed to be quite knowledgable.the only real con is that the treo 650 hotsync cable connector is big and clunky compared to 600. imho they made a backward step by replacing the sleek original treo connector with the tungsten design connector. it requires a separate power supply to charge.  i have been used to charging my treo 600 through the single usb hotsync cable to my laptop.  this extra power connection is a messy annoyance.  the upside is that since the battery is removable i can have a spare charging elsewhere.overall opinion is that i wouldn't even consider returning to or buying a treo 600 now that the treo 650 is available.
i am not too picky when it comes to a pda phone, if i can keep my outlook calendar, appointment, and call the contact store on it, i'm happy! but i do wish the treo 600 can be better!i had the treo 600 for almost 1 year and upgraded to treo 650 as soon as palmone asked me to that's because parts of my prayer has been answered: a better screen resolution; touch screen is more sensitive than the 600, i use my finger instead of the stylus now; camera is a lot clearer and the zoom works great; removable battery is really handy to use that fully charged spare one any time; my favorite bluetooth is built-in. and that little keyboard lites up in bright blue and white is very easy to read. thanks to the faster processor, the program loads a lot faster.however, i am still looking for the built-in wifi, and the bluetooth does not take voice command; reboot is not as easy as treo 600. i do not notice the boot up being slow because i rarely have to. however, i did notice that it takes up more internal memory and thus make the available ram less than 10mb the first time i turned it on. (palm is doing a flash upgrade to fix this, so i heard.) with an sd card, i put a bunch of application on it to get around this until it get fixed. and i was able to have about 18mb available internally.i like this new treo 650, as to all my handheld gadgets, i bought a fitted case to protect it. if you like me want to keep everything in perfectly nice looking condition, i recommad a case and a screen protector. remember, this is a hefty investment comparable to a pc, this treo 650 may even be your home phone, make sure it is well-protected.
i have had this phone almost 6 weeks (40 days).  at 3 weeks the middle row of keys stopped working (a, s, d, f, and g, etc).  i was told to call palm in india, which i did, and they told me the keys were not covered under warranty.i truly wish i were making this up, because i have really loved palm.  this is my fourth palm device, though it will likely be my last.  i run a small real estate company which works with wireless telecom providers throughout the nation.  my hope for this device was that i could stop carrying three devices (my cell phone, my palm t3 and my laptop).  and then, that all my guys could stop carrying all these devices around.of course, when i took the phone to sprint, they said it was palm's responsibility to repair.  when i raised a stink with them they just looked at me with blank eyes, as they always do.  sprint seems like they are in the business of trying to run customers off.i called india back and raised enough of a stink, that they said they would give me - this one time - a "free return and repair," meaning i would be without my phone for 5-10 business days. they also gave me the option of paying them an additional $25 to get a refurbished replacement, complete with a 90-day warranty (which i now know means nothing).  these people honestly acted like they were doing me the biggest favor by offering me this repair.i was then effectively called a liar by palm / india when i had to re-emphasize that the keys just don't work, and that i needed something immediately.  i don't understand how i can be made to feel like a criminal when i deal with these people, or how i can be made to feel like they're doing me a favor by standing behind their product.  i am the customer!  doesn't that mean anything anymore?i am also not sure i understand how customer service in general has become so bad (though amazon's remains very, very good).  when a person spends $400 on a phone, or any device, it should work longer than a few weeks.  but when it does stop working, the company that sold it should stand behind their product, instead of looking for ways to squirrel out of their responsibility.  subsequent to this occurrence, other friends / colleagues have told me how they had problems with their treo 650s, as well.there are other issues with this phone.  out of the box, the power/sync cord did not work.  i returned that to sprint and got a tremendous hassle in trying to get it replaced.  (i ended up buying a seidio charger/cradle, which works fine.) the sound is pretty bad - i am constantly having to adjust the volume.  every so often, the phone just resets itself - can't figure this one out at all.  also, when someone calls in on call-waiting, you cannot disconnect your active call without disconnecting the incoming call; in other words, when you accept the call-waiting call, it automatically means two calls will run simultaneously, even when the first party hangs up.  this plays heck on your monthly minutes.also, there are limited, non-intuitive ways you have to power on the phone.  and don't get this phone for its camera: cell phone cameras are only good for placing pictures on that cell phone.otherwise, all the palm applications work as they should, and as they have for the past number of years.  expect nothing new and different from the palm os part of the treo.all in all, i am firm in my opinion that i will never own another palm device.  my company will stop using palm, and we are going to slowly migrate away from sprint (when contracts start to expire).my apologies for the rant, but it simply seems that these companies have become much bigger than their customers.  excuse me if i just let them move on without me.are there any companies out there that provide good customer service anymore?  i know mine tries to; otherwise, we're out of business.
i purchased this phone a few months ago and can truly say it is one of the best investments i have ever made! i had doubts on how comfortable i'd be lugging around a big phone like this, but that was short lived once it was in my hands. i get so much use from this phone, not only for the phone itself, but for the pda capabilites. i have never been so organized and on top of things. the only thing is that it sometimes freezes when it connects with my bluetooth, but it's a minor complaint and one easily overlooked when i look back and see how much this phone has helped me.
i've owned a palm of some type for about seven years, and had a cell phone for slightly less time.  i've always resisted buying a combined device, because i thought "they aren't ready yet."  when it came time to replace my pda, i decided that the treo 650 might be ready.  i had concerns about the size of the screen, and about integrating pda and cell phone functions.  overall, most of my nervousness about it was groundless.  i am pleased with the phone so far.good points:works well as a phone--better signal than the nokia phone it replacesscreen is very readable, even though it is smaller than on a traditional pdapalm functionality is fine.  the interface has been redesigned a bit, and you seldom need the stylus.  most entries are done with the rocker switch at bottom center of the screen, or with the keypad.  you truly can do many functions one-handed.  but they managed to do this without losing the feel of the palm, you aren't having to re-learn from zero.the memory is non-volatile--in english, this means that if your batteries go dead, you don't lose all your data till you re-synch your palm.bad points:those who complain about a slight delay when dialing from a number in the palm contacts list are right.  it's not really a problem, but it is an annoying couple of second delay.if you are one of those who read books on palms, i'm not sure the screen will do for prolonged reading.battery life is fair.  i am able to get two days out of it with medium use, and have a bit of life left in the battery.  not like the days of the monochrome palms when you'd go for a week between recharges!it's only so-so as a web browser.the price is hideously high.keyboard is cramped, but about as good as you can expect on such a small device.  it is definitely useable.  my instinct was to use my right thumb only, but i now believe the people who claim that if you use both hands (thumbs only) you'll be faster.from what i've seen of the treo 600, i do not believe the upgrade would be worth it for those who currently own a 600.  if you are waiting to make the jump into a combined pda/phone, i believe thhis is a good point to do it.
i am in love with this phone!first off, the palm functionality is wonderful! the address book and calendar all work excellently, and the cross-functions are greatimprovements include sms messaging, which is much faster and now includes hyperlinks for phone numbers and web addresses, unlike the treo 600the web on here is faster ---- the screen is crisperhowever, bluetooth is the best new feature ----- wireless data transfer is, usually, quick, and the wireless headphones are greatlastly - many have complained that the phone is too slow with its functions and unstable --- however, ever since the system software was updated to 1.12, it has made the phone much quicker and much more stable!ordering a new phone today should come with that 1.12 software built into it, alreadyi am a former treo 300 and 600 user, and the 650 is a wonderful upgrade and worth every penny, considering the bluetooth and software improvementsso buy it!!! - you won't be sorryps - the cardo scala bluetooth earpiece is the best earpiece out there for this phone
i purchased the scala 500 as my first bt headset and i regret it. the company is v-e-r-y slow to respond to email messages to their support box, so call them, don't write.while the sound quality of the unit is very, very good, there are other issues with the unit. first, the fit on my particular ear is horrible... always feeling like it was going to fall off. i never trusted it walking through airports as it just didn't feel secure.second, the unit literally fell apart in my hands after three or four months. the portion that protrudes gently into my ear came loose, then broke off. i note that others have metioned the same thing. it just wasn't well constructed. bummer! i've replaced it now with another low-cost unit made by plantronics, but while i miss the sound quality of the cardo, i am disappointed by their slow support and poor quality.
solid bluetooth headset, particularly considering the price. i like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside. it's extremely lightweightsolid bluetooth headset, particularly considering the price. i like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside. it's extremely lightweight and can be worn for hours on end without discomfort. i've only had this for a few days, but so far the battery life seems great as well.
i had this headset originally, and then lost it.  after i lost my original, i figured i'd give a motorolla one a try, and purchased the most expensive motorolla on the market (h700).using my treo 650, i could not hear anything people were saying, and got constant complaints that the people i was talking to couldn't hear me well.  the volume was terrible, and so was the sound quality.this headset is so loud that i have to keep it on the 3rd from highest setting.  the clarity is great!  people think i'm talking on a land line.  for the $35 bucks, i bought a new one and chucked my motorolla in the garbage.im so happy to have my scala back!
let me say up front that i ordered this from amazon after reading all the glowing reviews, and i've been fairly disappointed by the performance i've experienced.  my experience was specific to using the scala with sprint's lg-pm325.first, the audio quality was not good.  if my phone was lying on a piece of furniture within two feet of the headset, i could usually get passable quality and occassionally get clear reception.  any other scenario resulted in garbled audio.  when using the headset with my phone, while the phone was in my front pocket, the audible was unacceptable and barely discernable.  and it's not by hearing.second, there's the shiny blue light.  when i read other's comments about the flashing blue led, i really didn't think much of it.  but in the dark, this thing is a strobe light.  at night, with my headset left on some countertop downstairs, and while i was upstairs, i could see the flash of blue reflected off my second story ceiling.  that's part a.  part b, the flash results in a very slight audible clicking, not unlike when a camera flash goes off.  which means if you use this thing at night while lying in silence, be prepared for a constant audible and visible reminder that you're wearing the scala.battery life was good.  pairing was excellent.  the piece stayed on my head pretty well and comfortably, and making or answering calls was straightforward.i've returned mine because of the two problems.
probably the biggest compliment you can give this headset is that you'll often forget you're using it.  the scala 500 is incredibly lightweight and (when adjusted properly to your ear) very comfortable.i'm impressed by the controls.  both the main button and the volume 'wheel' are very accessible and very responsive.  with the sony hbh35 headset i was constantly dropping calls due to the unresponsive controls.  this never happens with the scala 500.  additionally, volume is easily regulated.pairing with the motorola mpx220 phone was quick and easy.  additionally, reconnect is quick and reliable following a disconnect due to powering off one of the units or going out of range.  (range, by the way, is good; comparable with the hbh35 headset.)you can hear the other party clearly and crisply.  transmission of your voice, i would say, is good.  though there's infrequent interferrence (static) on voice transmission, i've never had anyone complain about difficulty in hearing/understanding me.  there's no annoying "bluetooth echo."to sum it up:plusses:  price, size, weight, comfort, pairing, controls, sound quality, range, responsive customer service.negatives:  requires charging cradle (one more thing to haul around if you're traveling), no 'fuel guage' to indicate battery life (red flash comes on, but only when it's close to dying)
works well even in the wind.  can't listen to music through it with my slvr though, as expected.  i find i don't use it much though.i set up a shortcut in my slvr for quickly enabling bluetooth when i am wearing my headset. if i have a bluetooth headset active, it refuses to play music at all - through the built-in speaker or a cable.  but this is the fault of the slvr.update:  i dropped it outside, where it got rained on for two days before i found it.  thoroughly dried it out and turned it on.  still works!
this is my first bluetooth device. read reviews and considered other headsets costing $50 and $100. based on reviews and value, got this one. have used it three days.it works well and came with a good set of accessories. my only complaint really is that the tone of voices on my end sounds a bit like a tin can phone. intelligibility is not a problem, but the sound is a bit disconcerting. most people i talk to say it sounds fine on the other end, but one complained of the "tunnel sound."but it is a good value. it synched with my t-mobile wing right away. i think it dropped a couple of calls, but cannot be certain where the blame lies. i just walked away from the phone and when i came back it reconnected immediately.other comments: the eyeglasses clip is a great idea but i'll have to modify it to work with my thin wire frames. the ear clip is fine. the supplied neck cord is a good idea, but i'm not using it. the belt clip seems a bit vulnerable as it sticks out pretty far.mine was missing the full manual (a return?), but the online pdf was easy to find.overall, i did expect slightly better performance, but am satisfied with the value and general function of this headset.
i was so lucky to find this headseti use a treo 650 ----- i have tried a variety of headsets, including all of the moto's --- the scala is clearly the best for the treo 650, and likely, many others1. the volume was very good --- louder than any other headset i used with the treo 6502. the connection times are usually very fast too ----- most headsets take awhile to establish a connection, but this one usually takes just a second or less, and of course, automatically picks up both outbound and inbound calls3. 90% of the people i talk to say that they can hear me very loudly and clearly --- rarely do i get a 'barrel' effect going with this headset, as many others produce4. the wind-noise-cancelling technology is for real --- i have talked a couple times outside, in blizzards with this thing on --- quality was loud and clear on both ends, despite the high winds!however, it seems that i have to re-connect the pairing for this device, every now and then (maybe once every 3 weeks or so) ---- otherwise, i'm very happypretty good talk time and battery, and of course, the volume is great!check it out in new colors ---- clear, blue, and red!lastly - the price cannot be beat!highly recommended! - happy talking!!!!!
i specifically ordered this headset because of the eye glass clip.  when i received the order, the clip would not fit on my glasses, and appeared to be of extreme poor contstruction (the type you would expect out of a craker jack box).the headset would required pressing the button to answer a call several times before it would actually pick up the call.the product is in the process of being returned to amazon.com.
let me begin this review by stating that a lot of people have used this device quite successfully.  as for me, there were two main problems.  first, i found the sound level to be too low.  while it's easy enough to turn up the volume, the problem lies in the microphone being so close that it causes a major echo for the person on the other end.  the second problem i had was that i was never able to transfer a call from the device to the phone.  i tried to use this model for a couple weeks just to make sure but, after that time, i decided to send it back and keep looking.
compared to motorola bluetooth headsets, this cardo really rocks. it has much better mic and speaker sound quality and volume than motorola. the motorola makes me sound like i'm talking on a speakerphone while the cardo is a bit better in this regard.that said, because the mic is so far away from your mouth, you will still sound very distant and a bit muffled. with this cardo, callers still complain when i'm in the car or outside on a windy day that there is a lot of background wind noise.i ended up going back to the wired headset that came with my motorola razr phone, which has much better audio quality and is not as cumbersome to setup during a call as a bluetooth headset.
i am using this device with a polycom landline phone.trying the 3 settings i can get a decent connection on my end with a separate bluetooth earpiece, where i hear the other party fine with little noise and no echo.but on the far end, even landline to landline, there is an annoying whine and some echo, no matter what the setting.  this isn't good enough, i prefer to use the corded headset.i am returning this product to amazon.
i use a nextel i730 and this jabra adapter fits on the back perfectly with velcro. (adapter is approx 1/8 thin)  the adapter has 3 tiny setting to adapt to different phones and i find setting #2 to work fine with my motorola hs820 wireless earpiece. this adapter works on nextels direct connect and regular phone calls, my last adapter would not do the direct connect. so far i have had the adapter and earpiece on for over 16hrs with out a charge, while receiving many phone calls and direct calls during these hours. can't wait till nextel comes out with a bluetooth phone but till then, this is the only way to go!
i bought, exchanged, and then returned this unit.  both units delivered to me would not turn on.  when i charged them using the supplied adaptor, the red charging light came on and a few hours later, the unit was supposedly fully charged.  however, when i attempted to turn the unit on by pressing the power button, nothing happened.  the unit never came on, could not be paired, and never worked.  i returned both of them.  i can understand one unit being bad, but two units that were shipped several weeks apart shouldn't be.when i called for technical support, i waited on hold for sometime, and then gave up.
i bought this item @ a local retailer, was happy cause i got it on sale (probobly clearance) well it worked 2 days then the wire going into the unit it self would get static if touched!  i can not find my receipt, so i e-mailed jabra & they are acting like this isn't an issue! wanting to know how many phones i tried, if i tried more than 1 headset, etc.... i will prolly get no where or if they do accept a return the s&h charges will be stupid & not worth replacement!  just get a nice wired headset, less $ spent & less headache!
ok. i just bought this adapter today for my pda cellphone.  the product integrates well with everything (my laptop - sony vaio, cellphone (siemens sx56, my panasonic cordless home phone (although with the panasonic, ppl complain about my voice being faint)).  but the issue is , i hear static crackling noises even if i'm not in a call. as soon as my bluetooth headset is connected to the a210 adapter, it produces faint-medium crackling noise. the noise is exactly like the one it produces when you move out of range.  but happens even at 1-2 feet distance.  i was initially confused on what is producing this.  the battery was fully charged on the adapter.  the bluetooth headset is not the issue, as it connects well with my laptop (which has integrated bluetooth).  then i figured, if i keep the adapter and phone closer (few inches away from my ear) to my headset, then everything works well. otherwise even at a distance of 2-3 feet , it starts the crackling.  i even switched modes (1,2,3) on the adapter and still the same issue.  although it works upto 20-25 feet, the crackling starts at a distance of 2 feet.  i even turned off my wireless networks to test this.  also exchanged it for a new one, to see if it was a item specific issue.  but even the 2nd one is having the same problem.  the manual says, that it is due to interference.  i think many 2.4 ghz can cause this inteference.  alhtough i turned off all of my wireles devices, it still caused the issue even in my car (slightly better, but not totally gone).but in any case if you don't hear the crackling, it integrates very well with everything.  the crackling is heard only by you, not by the person on the other side.  so we can probably live with it.  there are not many bluetooth adapters that are available out there.note: many reviewers here complain about this adpater not working well with home phones.  first of all, if you read the manual, this is not designed to work with home phones (if it works well with home phones, then you're lucky).  it is designed to work primarily for mobile phones only.
perfect for my contour roam gps camera.  i got two of these to have as powered spares, along with a portable charger (that also charges via usb), so i can always keep one charging, one charged, and one being used!
i bought this from amazon to have an alternate batters from my gps logger and it gets the job done. its cheap and worth the price...
i bought this battery to replace the one in my dash cam. i charged it up like the instructions said to do, and wow. i can use my dash cam a long time before plugging it in to the power point in my truck.the price of this battery is really good for the service that you will receive from it.if you need a new battery get one of these.
after searching and searching for a battery for our baby monitor -- the levana babyview20, i found out that it uses this nokia battery. i was too nervous to buy this type of product for any seller other than amazon. i did just that and it works and fits perfectly.
i could not get it charge. did not sent it back because it would cost more to ship it back than i paid for it. i ask for help on this and got no where. but i did order nokia bl-5c and it works great.
it was because i could no longer obtain good quality bl-5c's that i finally gave up my nokia phone.i think the last battery i tried in it was one of these, it actually had worse performance than the battery i had used for a year and was trying to replace.these might be phonies from china or just so old that they are chemically inert, but i am afraid i can't recommend these.
after 6 months of use, the battery still performance well.  i can't tell if this battery is genuine or not.
no issues at all with this battery order.  its an oem nokia bl-5c battery as advertised.  nothing exciting and performance is as it should be for a new battery.  price was excellent as compared to retail, so i am very satisfied with purchase.
i purchased this for my father-in-law. his battery was about to wear out its welcome. it arrived ahead of scheduled date, and has not had a problem with it.
got this is a timely mannor, put it in my phone, chatged for 12+ hours and nothing ! never worked ! annoyed to say the least ! i ordered this just in time to go into the hospital for a ce section so i wouldnt have to charge my phone all that often considering bending and such will be painfull. a lot of good it did me.
i recently purchased two of these batteries for my four-year-old nokia cell phones.  based on about a month's trial, both batteries seem to hold a charge for a reasonable amount of time... much better than the old batteries.  seem to be a good choice, especially for the money.
the nice thing about this battery in my case, is that it came fully charged and ready to use.  it fit perfectly in the phone as i would have expected.  it's an excellent buy compared to other sources.
i purchased this battery for a premium as it boldly proclaimed &#34;li-ion&#34;.  that purchase was before i noted that all of the other, more inexpensive batteries were also li-ion types, and also oem.  my fault for not paying attention.  be advised there are better prices for this exact item on amazon, so please keep looking.this having been said, the item was shipped quickly, and arrived so fast that i almost had to duck.  i therefore have no issues with the seller, who is doing a good job.
works.  good quality battery.  what more can i say about a battery?  it fits.  it charges.  it powers.  it's a battery at a very reasonable price.
i bought this is a gift for my brother. he loves it! it works perfectly with his iphone 5 and even works with siri.
loving it. clearly sound on calls, long live battery and comfort ear hock. i trust all of motorola bluetooth headset.
overall, an ok headset that, versus the h700, trades better inbound voice quality for less outbound quality. given its low price, though, it's a great value, though i can see why some razr and pebl boxes include this for *free*. my report card:design: a-, nice simple design. buttons are few and easy to use, though the main button is a bit sensitive. single-tap to power-on  is a welcome feature. usb charging a real plus.aesthetics: a-, it's attractive in its minimalist aesthetic. color options are cool. (and there more of then if you shop elsewhere!)build quality: a, it's a solid unit with good materials.comfort: b+, it's lightweight with a decent ear clip. unfortunately, the earclip is loose on the headset which, combined with the light weight, make for a very "floppy" fit.compatibility: a, no problems pairing. connects quickly when turned on. headset has full handsfree functionality that is very easy to use.outbound sound quality: b, callers can hear me fairly well, but many have complained of a pronounced "speakerphone" effect requiring some self-repeating. ok noise cancellation.inbound sound quality: b+, volume is more than adequate, but could be a tad bit louder still for noisy environments. incoming voices are clear but could use some bass. minimal static.ps: a previous reviewer believed that, like the hs850 with its folding mic boom (the on/off and connection switch), you need only turn on the h500 when receiving a call; the headset would connect quickly with the phone and pick up the call. this is false. you must leave the h500 turned on and actively connected to your phone in order to use it, just like any other headset.
i bought this bluetooth as a back-up for my pretty pink motorola h500. therefore, i placed it in the drawer until i needed a replacement, and last night i needed it. i plugged it up for a couple of hours and tried to pair it to my new phone and it did not work. i then charged it overnight and again tried to pair it and nothing (not one indicator light). i plugged the blue-tooth back into to the charger, it had a steady blue light and i tried pairing it to my phone while it was on the charger and it worked; unfortunately, i can not walk around with a charger and outlet attached to my head. consequently, this was a lemon and due to the months passed from my internet purchase, i am unable to return it or exchange.therefore, the moral of the story is to test everything you purchase from the internet. i learned a valuable lesson.
the device was not as the description. it looked as if someone dropped it off their vehicle and it hit the road and skidded all the way down. i was very disappointed when opening it b/c it was the first thing i seen other than the front damage.i did email the seller and told them and they were very nice and refunded me as i returned the product back to them.
was very unhappy with this it didnt work no time i had got it for my husband and i haven heard the last of it from him
this probably isn't being sold any more, but i really enjoyed my time with it.  it lasted me three years!  compared to the new ones out, this is bulky and sound quality isn't as good.  but the fact that it remained in tact in working condition, especially with a rechargeable battery is remarkable.
this bluetooth is basically ok but the part holding on to your ear is very 'flimsey' and tends to want to fall off if u bend over so u have to keep securing it on your ear, which is quite annoying as i almost lost it a few times not realizing it was no longer on my ear...so it's a huge drawback for me. it seems to work ok otherwise tho sometimes i do have a  sound problem that is not present when i just listen straight from the phone without it...it's sometimes quite garbled. so this product for me though cute, is average in fuction.
i have paired this with an unlocked razr, and so far they both have worked great (2 months).it fits well on both ears, not so big, and the voice quality is very good. i also found the price from amazon, really competitive
i still use it till this day. it has never let me down. i love it. headphones can't even touch this!
while this doesn't have the range of the nokia bluetooth headset i tried, it is vastly more comfortable.  i've used it with a samsung t809 and had no issues with it over a couple days before this review. range was about the 30 feet they are supposed to have, beyond that signal fading was rapid. very light, easy to use and fortunately mid range signal tones.
the motorola h500 is a very good unit.  it has excellent sound quality and is easy to operate.  the only negative thing is it does hurt the ear after wearing it for awhile.
bought two of these yesterday.  pink one for the lady and grey for me.voice quality, both incoming and outgoing is excellent.  so light, you can wear it for hours w.o. a problem - you forget it is there.  volume is definitely loud - but can be adjusted, if you want.we are using it w. se r520m phones - first generation ("years" ago) that had bt built-in.i had bought a cardo "allways" head set in 12/03.  it was so cumbersome, neither of us really used it. it was uncomfortable.i can see i'll be using this most of the day.  i am a heavy cel phone user - 2000 min./mo. - mostly day time.i find it strange in reading reviews of these items that some find a model to be quite good in a feature (eg. volume) and others find the same model unacceptable.  since no two people have the same size or shape ears, probably a headset should be tried on for fit before purchase - just like you would a pair of shoes....mt
the price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that i was able to justify buying one:)  the h500 works fine with our lg shine.  although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (well, not too bad really).it was an easy setup.  the device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. it also has a nice blue led light. available in many colors of choice.why not 3 stars?  the volume control is hardly palpable.  it is hard to adjust the volume while in use.  your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust.  even the call button is difficult to press.i like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear.  it is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear.
i bought an h500 a few years ago when it first came out. it was plagued with low volume and poor connection. after using a nokia bluetooth for the last year i got this one again because of the no cell phone laws in california as of july 1st.this headset is plenty loud with my sony ericsson t650i and i haven't had it drop the bluetooth connection yet. the volume sits a little below half and i can hear perfectly in the car. battery life rocks and voice clarity is a lot better than i remembered it with the first h500.4 out of 5 stars because the ear clip is flimsy and doesn't allow the h500 to sit tightly against your ear. so if you're planning on using this while running or during an intense walk - don't count on it.definitely recommend this as a great bluetooth device. can't go wrong with the price!
i bought two of these. one fits over my ear perfectly while the second unit takes a little more time to secure because the ear hook is kind of loose. they're both plenty loud enough, clear reception, good range (phone can be two rooms away), and people on the other side of the call say they couldn't tell i was on a headset.great performance considering the price paid.
this bluetooth sucks. plain and simple... i mean i paid, what, $15 for the thing so wasn't expecting the best but at least working quality. i always buy the motorola h730 or h750 which are upwards of $60 but i always lose them. always! it is a curse so i figured i would get a rinky-dink cheap one so i wouldn't cry in the corner losing out on a day&#8217;s worth of work pissed and distraught over losing my (what is this my 6th) bluetooth. but with every call - every one - it was unbearable static on my end so much so that everyone mentioned it. hell, even the recorded lady on the voicemail was like this thing sucks! so yeah just spend the extra cash and go up a few grades because this was a lost cause.
very pleased with this purchase, excellent sound quality when speaking and listening. also, the plug for the charger is sturdy and a good fit for the headset.
i needed a bt headset for the longest time.....since i never used one and was getting worried that i may get busted one day.  i saw this on gold box and ordered it immediately for $15....how could you go wrong?it is intended for use primarily with a blackberry javelin (8900).  it paired quickly has held a charge for 2.5 days thus far (light-moderate usage).  my opinion is that it does what it should at its price point and i was not expecting a miracle.if you are looking for a bt set that has loads of noise canceling and voice detection..then this is not for you.  look for a jawbone by aliph...the h500 is a model that has been around a long time and is perfect for my needs.  i just wish it were a bit louder and thus i am giving it a 4/5.great value, great item.
this is my first bluetooth headset so i don't have anything to compare it to, but so far it seems to be pretty good. it's small, very lightweight, and comfortable. it's hard to judge the comfort of this device unless you try it yourself because everyone's ear and head are different.i'm using it with a motorola razr v3m from verizon. it paired easily and quickly. the connection is a little crackly even right next to the phone, which surprised me, but it's not so bad that it takes away from a conversation. naturally, the further you get from your phone the reception deteriorates. volume and clarity are fine and sound just like holding my phone up to my ear.overall it's a good headset and fine for my purposes. only a few drawbacks: the volume and call buttons are a little hard to manipulate, and it would be nice if the unit could be held tighter against my head.
right off i have to say that when it comes to cell service and phones and the inherent contracts: you get what you pay for, in more ways than one, and buyer beware!  i do my research, ad nauseum, before getting into a new contract or into bed with a new cell provider. i've been a nextel subscriber for two years with an i90 and an i730. both lovely phones - service very professional from nextel - coverage and features what i expected.  but like i said, i researched that to death before i bought their phones or their service.  got the phones from amazon.i, too, was taken by the looks of the razr, and so was my wife once she saw one.  but was it as good as it looked and was it worth and worth switching carriers for?  for one, nextel wasn't making it easy to stay with them - they got into bed with sprint and i had sprint for years and still have nightmares about their customer service.  (plus, the price for an "upgrade phone" for nextel was *unacceptable* from my point of view.  everyone knows you get a cheaper phone with a new contact!)i got two razr's at a local retailer - sorry amazon, but your rebates with cingular aren't worth the effort - and paid $99 each, best price *anywhere.*  i got a family plan which is on par with verizon's and saves me a bunch of money over nextel.  a *bunch* of money.  two words: rollover minutes.i spent just an hour charging the phone, reading the manual and configuring the phone to function as well, if not better, than my i730, which is a *great* phone, and noticed similarities in function and detail and quality to sony, motorola and nokia phones friends of mine have.  i repeat: i read some of the manual, which is something many people seem to avoid.for anyone complaining about the phone/ address book, shame on you.  i was worried about the address book based on reviews, but after five minutes with the manual and using the phone, i got the razr to do *everything* my nifty i730 could do and then some.  there are so many ways to configure the address book it's silly.  you can assign and create "categories"  for numbers and addresses and even have the phone only display certain categories so you only have to flip thru the numbers you want to flip thru.as for the complaints about battery life, the razr has a six-plus hour talk time on it, better than half the phones on the market today.  i can say that cos i feel like i've researched about half the phones on the market ... :)  do this: plug your phone in when you go to sleep at night.  i can *guarantee* you it will be fully charged in the morning.fragile phone? how clumsy are you?  i've beaten up lots of phones over the years and you should expect just about anything this side of a brick to break when you drop it.  half of my i730 is made of the same material the razr is and has a lousier belt clip to boot, which has allowed my i730 to fall the the ground way too many times.  i'm happy with the material and it's expected durability.  stop throwing your delicate, *expensive,* micro-electronic device around like it's made of teflon.  *be careful.*i am not on the camera-phone bandwagon primarily because what is required to merge unlike technologies is by it's nature usually expensive and difficult.  (a good example is the rokr, the so-called itunes phone.  i have an ipod, and if that phone had come close to actually blending the best of the wireless world and the abilities of itunes and the ipod,i would have bought it, but it came far short of doing that cos blending two ideas like that isn't the easiest thing to pull off well ...) the razr is not expensive because it has a great camera or a large memory stick or can capture full-motion video and zip it over to your dorm room buddies in the blink  of an eye.  it's expensive because it's a *slick* looking phone and makes other phones on the shelf self-conscious.  most of the professional reviews of this phone gave it low marks for camera abilities, so don't be surprised by that.  want a good camera phone for cingular? the sony s710 got great reveiws; good luck getting it for less than twice what the razr costs.  that's the difference.last thing - i got the phone knowing i have 30 days to send the whole thing back if it's not working out for me.  so there's a little consumer-friendly cushion to give me some time to fully evaulate the phone.  still, i did my research so there wouldn't be too many surprises when i got the phone.hope this helps.
the phone is ok. i didn't find any difference between razr and the motorolla v300 i had earlier. all the features are the same.razr has a big huge color screen, bluetooth enabled and can capture videos. but there is no improvement on any of the calling features.so if you are getting the phone free after the rebates you can buy it, else it is not worth the $200.
i'll start with the bad first, given the amount of interest this phone has generated.1) the phonebook application is a little...wonky. some people have said you can't add more than one piece of contact info per contact, which is not true. you can, but its nearly hidden underneath the "more" function while editing the contact. however, its not convenient and you cannot add additional e-mail addresses or phone numbers to your contacts using the phone tools app...which is annoying, since t-mobile charges $30-40 for the hardware/software bundle.1a) it also takes forever to scroll through your phonebook contacts. i thought it might be caused by having some sim contacts, so i transfered all of them to phone memory. no dice. the scroll speed is untenable. even my wife's moto v330 is quicker. what gives? i had to create a voice prompt for almost every contact in my list.2) even at full blast, the volume just isn't loud enough. plus, the "audio sweet spot" on the speaker is hard to keep next to your ear. if you are planning to get a bluetooth headset and use that exclusively, this shouldn't keep you from getting the phone.3) compared to a samsung v205, a sony ericsson p910i and motorola's own v330, the razr gets poorer reception. the previous phones mentioned all get four bars at my house. the razr gets 2. this even after calling t-mobile tech support for help. their advice? "keep turning the phone on and off and it will hopefully find another tower."4) t-mobile offers no games for this phone yet. given how high profile this form factor has become, i find this level of support to be somewhat poor. i know - you don't buy a phone for its games. but just to show how lacking t-mobile's support is...the razr includes a demo for bejeweled. after the (very) short demo is over, it asks if you want to buy it. clicking the link brings you to a webpage that says "sorry, we don't offer games for your phone yet". my wife's v330 has a similar issue. she's had it for over 4 months and services like t-mobile still offer no games for the phone. again, i know you shouldn't buy a phone based on the number of games offered for it, but its still a feature, something to whittle away the time while waiting at the dmv.5) camera phone still only 640x480. decent pics at that resolution, but given that there are cheaper phones on the market (i didn't get this phone for free) with higher pixel values, this is a moderate oversight on moto's part6) phone response is fairly poor as well. example - going through my contacts by pressing keys (going from q to r to s)...so very slow. you think the phone hasn't responded so you mash the button again, at which point it responds to two button presses and you have to start all over again.7) the phone tools application is a little user unfriendly and totally geared to people who mess around with outlook csvs on a daily basis. i've managed to get it to work, but not without some work.alright, so now for the good.1) this phone is a veritable conversation piece. oohs and ahhs all around...if you care about that sort of thing. i usually don't. i just want a functional phone that gets good battery life, gets a decent signal and can withstand a beating (i'm a klutz). but if you do care about the conversation-worthyness of your cell phone, this one has it in spades.2) great battery power. i've had it on for 5 days at moderate usage and i've still got 2 bars left.3) this is a sturdy phone. my kid has already dropped it on cement twice and i've seen no scratches at all. maybe i'm lucky, as another reviewer mentioned that poor build quality on his piece. i've not had any issues. the phone is rock solid.4) the usual amount of ringtones and wallpapers....all of which are amazingly expensive. why does it cost 2 bucks for a hi-fi ringtone lasting 20 seconds when i can buy the song at itunes for a dollar?5) the phonetools software allows you to create your own ringtones. i haven't played around with the software yet, so i'm going to guess that your abilities to import mp3s or cd-audio will be truncated to some degree.6) excellent bluetooth performance. haven't had the opportunity to test file transfers and such, but the razr's connection to my moto bt headset is great. doesn't matter which side of my body they are situated. decent sound quality even at 20 feet of unobstructed space.7) did i mention this phone is attractve?8) ringtones can get quite loud, even without degrading ringtone sound quality. i wish the speaker was this loud.this phone has some serious shortcomings - most important among them is the poor performance of the phonebook app, poor signal quality and low speaker volume. ordinarily, i'd be bringing the phone back, like, tomorrow. but the design of the phone and its excellent bt performance makes me want to hang onto it.hopefully, moto learns from their mistakes and releases a razr v4 with better earpiece volume and snappier response times.
the #1 reason to buy (and keep) this phone is the slim form factor.  let's face it - for guys who don't like to keep the phone on their belt like a pager, a pants or suit pocket is the only option.  this phone is far and away the best one in that regard.  i forget it's there a lot of the time.  it is also built extremely solidly, and does not scratch easily, although the screen scratches easily.however, the battery life is terrible.  i literally have to charge it every night after less than two hours of talking with bluetooth.  you must get the car charger immediately.  even though i had bought one on the internet, i couldn't wait for it because the phone kept dying so i raced to a local cingular store for an intermediate car cord.the motorola hs-850 bt headset is great but occassionally loses connection w/the phone, which is frustrating.the only reason i kept this phone is the size.
this is one great phone, sleek, light, small, thin. motorola got the form exactly right, just slightly larger than a credit card, and only a half an inch thick. the screen is excellent.motorola missed big time on this one, not including motorola phone tools and a usb cable in the purchase - now how cheap is that. i just spent all that money on a super exclusive cool phone, and they make me buy software for $30? that's actually kind of crazy.they also messed up on the phone book. 450 outlook contacts, that were spawned from 200 core contacts - each cell phone, business, email, and home entry for an individual is a separate entry. way way too unwieldy. they need to update this error big time. they've also missed on priority numbers - you know, you identify people you call a lot, and they go to the head of the list. i'm used to the problems now, but wow what a miss on their part.the camera, oh it takes pictures. they look decent on the cell phone, but forget much more. the shutter speed must be very slow, you have to hold the phone solid to not get blurry pictures (when viewed on a computer screen full size) - on the phone they look great.overall - my nits are truely nits, this is one heck of a great phone. if you're price sensitive, buy the v500 series. if you want cool, get this one.by the way, i'm a long time att customer and had no trouble (read it took less than 10 minutes to buy and activate this phone) with cingular. in fact the service seems better. i just wish they would port over your voice mail.
i bought this becasue i was very happy to see a phone with a metal case again.  i used to just use nokia phones back in the day and they would break at least once a month on me.  bought the moto v60 and was really blown away.  the best phone i ever had.  then i upgraded to color phones and tried the other motos.  really big disapointment.  moto phones are made so cheap and fall apart just like nokia.  when this came out i jumped on it.  finally moto was going back to the quality phones.pros:-some what sturdy case.  the metal parts seem solid. no marks as of yet (1 month).-the battery life is a little tiny bit higher then your average phone.  i have to charge it at night but it has at least half the life left on it.  i talk for about 3 hours a day.-camera is ok not the best and by far not the worst.-slim form factor.  and yes its wider then your normal flip but this is a good size.  other phones always seemed to skinny for me.cons:-not all of it is metal.  the bottom is plastic and it seems to be cheap plastic.  it creaks when you push on it.  i think that is where the antenna is, and if it has a sar rating of .80 (i think) at the ear then i wonder how much your jaw is getting.  rather my jaw get cancer then my brain right?-the vol is almost a joke it is so low.  at the highest its about what a normal phone is at its middle setting.  i used to have to turn people down on my cell, now i am struggling to hear them sometimes.-the keypad looks nice but its a pain in the butt.  the donut thing in the middle is already scracthed by my finger nail.  the rest of the keypad is protected it seems and has no marks.-a pain to clean.  the keypad is shiny and gets crap all over it.  when you clean it the rubber lining between the keys grabs part of what ever cloth you are using and gets it looking even worse.-phone book.  good god man.  the fact that they used this phone book really shows that either they don't put a lot of effort into the phone or was a total mess up.  either way it is a true shame.-good luck with support and warranty from moto.  past experiences with them was very poor.  you send your phone to get fixed and a month later you get it back and they didn't even read what the problem was before they "fix" it and send it back still broken.the reason they make phones out of cheap plastic in my opinion is because what do you do 6 months after your phone looks like you dropped it down the stairs a few dozen times.  you buy another.  strong durable plastic is used all the time.  for crying out loud glad uses it all the time.  i am more then happy to pay 600 dollars on quality and if you have the money do the same.  this phone is not even close to meeting my expectations of what i thought i would get for a 600 dollar "basic" cell phone.  i have high standards and for top dollar i want the best.  moto might be seeing this and is offering good rebates now. 250 or something on amazon as of now.  well worth it for that price.to the other reviewer about verizon.  they use cdma and this phone is only for gsm.  i doubt they will ever make a cdma version.  but of course i have no real clue.  call motorola.also sorry for my spelling mistakes and all.  it would take to much time to go back and review what i wrote.  i am not getting paid for this and won't waste my time.  good luck and i think you will be very happy with this phone over all.
i have been a nextel user for years and their motorola products including i90, i95, i730 and i830.  the v3 is the best motorola product ever!!! blows the i830 out the water and makes it look like yesterdays news. superior and striking good looks and is solidly built - no, it does not look cheap as some previous reviewer stated. i live in ga and cingular reception is very good. paired my v3 with bluetrek g2 bluetooth headset(received rave reviews and is cheap - pick one up on ebay) and i wonder what took me so long to get on board. i did fear cingular's merger with at&t; since i had at&t; years ago and their reception was terrible.i'll never go back to nextel as they do not appreciate their customers and their motorola products do not have bluetooth except blackberry. plus who wants to carry around a brick in their pocket? i'm a woman and typically carry v3 in my purse but sometimes for convenience i just want to put it in my jean pocket. and i forget it's there...this v3 has superior browser technology, email and text messaging, good camera and great voice record. yes, the address book is different but you get used to it. anyways, i only put important people that i call frequently in address book so it's not a problem for me. i primarily make lots of calls and like to check news and send a few text messages. a+++++++
sexy form... check. innovative construction... check. exclusive price tag... check. in a sea of flip phones and candy bar phones that all look alike, the razr v3 is the ferrari of mobile phones and stands out as such. if you're looking for a feature rich phone, then the v3 is not for you as a v600 will provide the same features for far less. but if you want a high-quality constructed phone that screams, &#34;look at me, i'm a sexy b*tch,&#34; then the v3 is up your alley.actually, a better analogy would be: the acura nsx of mobile phones. like the nsx, i feel the v3 is a marketing tool for motorola. it's their way of saying, &#34;we're known for inexpensive phones, but, look, we can build stylish, well-crafted, high-end phones too!&#34;unless wireless technology improves from gsm, the v3 is a phone that i can definitely keep for more than 2 years. the styling, design, and construction is just that good (i upgraded from a trusty and reliable, yet mediocre nokia 3360 tdma phone).there's been quite a debate about the construction of the v3 and the best explanation that i've heard is that the bottom backside (below the battery cover) and the lower front is plastic for the antenna. it certainly makes perfect sense to me (unless the metal frame is the antenna) as all the other areas are cold to touch (in this weather) while those areas are usually room temperature. furthermore, it would be misrepresentation on motorola's part to advertise it as such. regardless, this phone may seem flimsy, but it's very solid -- there is no comparison w/ my old nokia 3360 and my girlfriend's v551.mikey's likeys:1- the mini-usb port. this is great for single-point access for data and charging -- it's simple and should be a mobile phone standard!2- the bluetooth connectivity. coming from a wired hands-free setup, my bluetooth headset (a jabra bt250) is a godsend. i can leave the v3 charging in my home office and still be connected in the living room. (side note: stay away from from the d-link bluetooth usb adapter for pc connectivity and get the belkin f8t001 adapter -- read my review on the d-link for details)3- quad band. doubtful that i'll ever use this feature/benefit, but those two words will certainly impress all around you.4- the speakerphone. i've been a non-believer of mobile phone speakerphones, but i've got to admit, the v3's speaker phone is the bomb. it's loud and clear (but not loud enough for the car). my girlfriend tells me that i sound better w/ the v3 speakerphone than w/ my old nokia 3360 and wired headset setup. when i don't have my bluetooth headset, i'm spoiled w/ the speakerphone.5- the internal display. going to the v3 from the nokia 3360 is a leap of spacial proportions and after a couple of weeks, i have found myself to be spoiled w/ large internal display. and not only that, the v3 has an ati imageon graphics accelerator! all other phones (excluding pda phones) pale in comparison in this regard.mikey's no-likeys:1- no memory expansion. i don't see myself using up all 5mb of internal memory, but an sd/mmc card expansion slot would be nice. maybe motorola (or somebody else -- maybe myself) will come out w/ a mini-usb adapter for this purpose.2- poorly written owner's manual. i have found that the owner's manual is more like a reference manual and sometimes leaves you figuring things out on your own. it does not explain how to use many common features that owners (especially ones new to motorola phones) use. instead, it lists all the features and expects you to put 1 and 1 together. it's like the &#34;c++ reference&#34; vs &#34;learn how to program in c++ in 21 days.&#34; maybe motorola's technical writers are just to technical?3- drops and dings. like any &#34;ferrari,&#34; i'll probably go into a week-long mourning the first time i drop or ding the phone. i'm hoping there will be [good] cases available to protect my v3 while it juggles around w/ keys in my pocket. (side note: i have heard that cingular / lockline is not insuring this phone, but my cingular sales guy was hesitant sell me the phone unless i bought the insurance)4- no edge. my girlfriend's $99 motorola v551 has edge. shame, shame, shame motorola. bad motorola. bad, bad, bad. alas, it's akin to buying a $160k ferrari 360 modena and having a cheap $20 factory stereo system (or paying $90k for an acura nsx and it's only 290hp).5- internal display colors. i was all hyped up to hear about 260k colors, but motorola's specs after some detective footwork is 65k colors, but up to 260k colors in mpeg-4 video playback. very, very, sneaky and mis-leading indeed.wishlist:1- i wished there was a pocketpc smart phone version of this phone. pocketpc + v3 form factor = perfection.regarding multiple numbers for one name in the review below -- you can set the phonebook to display only primary numbers by:1- setting the primary number for all the names that have multiple numbers (you don't have to do this if a name only has one number);2- set the address book view to &#34;primary contacts&#34; in phonebook menu &#62;&#62;&#62; phonebook setup &#62;&#62;&#62; view;3- voila, only primary numbers are displayed.the way motorola has implemented this is not very intuitive as nokia's implementation (refer to my owner's manual dis-like above), but i have found motorola's implementation to be a little more robust.update: it's been nearly three weeks since i've bought this phone and no buyer's remorse.
i've had this phone for a while now and here's what i think.the user interface has had a bad rap from some people, and yes, it's not as intuitive as say, nokia's interface, but it does have some pros.  you can customize every button, including all 4 arrows, and the left and right soft keys.  i have my left soft key programmed to go to "shortcuts" and i have every function i need right there.  and of course, after a while of use, you will get used to the interface.the volume of the phone is decent.  i have no problems hearing other people, and they have no problems hearing me.  speakerphone works great too.  my boyfriend says that he no longers feels like he's talking to someone in a tunnel when i use speakerphone for our calls.  the only volume problem i can see is that at the highest volume (7), it is still slightly hard to hear your phone ring.  one other thing - this phone has way cool ringtones.the address book issue is this:  if you use your sim card to store your addresses, then no, you will not be able to have multiple entries for one person.  but if you use your phone's memory to store your numbers, you can have many many numbers stored to each entry.  i have all of my numbers stored on my powerbook's address book, so i'm not too worried about having them on my sim card.  and if you have a mac, isync works wonders with syncing numbers/calendars to the razr....now that's cool!the screen is very large and clear.  i have no problems seeing it in dark or even bright light.  i have had no problems with reception with cingular so far.  in fact, i have a stronger signal in most places than my previous phone (nokia 6230)overall, i am very pleased with the design, functions, and asthetics of this phone.
bought this phone(actually the black v3 but the only real difference is video support and additional memory), for $149 from bb, replacing my v551, basically just for the "chic factor". initally i was very happy and excited with my purchase, but after a couple of weeks the novelty wore off and its shortcomings became apparent. the biggest issue i have is being able to hear through the earpiece. unless you ear is exactly on a random "sweet spot' good luck hearing in anyhintg but the quietest environments. i even removed the little "m" circle with little or no help. the second shortcoming is the the screen. while it has more colors available than the v551 the resolution does not look nearly as good. and if you are viewing blacks and not looking directly at it, you get a wierd grey-black thing going on with one eye. kind of hard to explain, except for those of you with the phone. much to my dismay the screen is actually worse than the one on the v551. the third is the camera. i rarely use a phone cam, but the times i needed it, the pictures looked, well...horrible. and last but not least, the reception. the reception is not as good as everyone makes it out to be. the v551 actually had better reception. my new lg ce500 actually has much better reception and is generally a much better phone. this phone is a good phone. nothing more nothing less.
i origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola v710. unfortunately is uses the old style of voice dial where you have to train your voice for each phonebook entry. the v710 does not require this and utilizes true speech recognition software. since this was the most important feature to me i am returning the razr and exchanging it for the v710. to bad, the razr is superior in most other categories except the one most importand to me. if it had true nex technology voice recogition i would keep it.
bought this phone with cingular service. i needed the phone in a hurry. i checked my order next day, had this weird message:"order revisionorder placed october 08, 2005 at 10:35 pm pdtopen order -- your order revision requiredhas not approved you for any phone and service plan packages. please cancel necessary phone and service plan packages from your order. we cannot proceed with your order without some action on your part. please be aware that if you do not take action on this item within 5 days, it will be cancelled from your order.cancel necessary phone and service plan packages"i had no idea what this cryptic message meant, but essentially they were requiring me to cancel the order. i have three cell phones in my family, perfect credit, no earthly reason why i wouldn't be approved for a cell phone account, just the above message with no explanation. of course, there is no one at amazon to call for an explanation. i don't know if my form was missing some information, or something was mistyped - no idea at all what happened. i think that if amazon was going to cancel my order, they need to explain it to me.i have bought from amazon before, usually good service, but this is just awful.i think that amazon is in over their heads in the cell phone business.from other comments, it sounds like amazon is not being fully honest or transparent in their cell phone ads.
if you look carefully at these so called "bad reviews" you will notice most of them either don't know how to use the phone or may have been the 1-2 out of 1000 that received a faulty phone which happens from every manufacturer, every brand, every type of phone.now my wife & i have had ours for 12 days so far with no problems whatsoever, we ordered 2, i got the black one she got the silver one. got both for free btw.just a word about those of you like us that want a "shared plan" from cingular but amazon does not offer those plans while you order, i ordered 1 phone with 1 cheapest single plan each, now when amazon sends you the conformation that your order has been shipped you get your "cell phone numbers" right then in the email.i simply called cingular gave them the phone numbers of each phone told them the deal and had the service changed to a "single 700 rollover mins shared plan" before we even got the phones in our hands, so there is no problems at all in that respect. once we got the phones i called back to check and yes the person from cingular had done everything as asked, i also checked from the phone itself as you can go to "my account" from the main menu page and phone goes online and checks everything about your account, how many minutes, the plan, when the next bill is due, etc etc, and sure enough everything was as it was supposed to be.as far as signal strength it is excellent in my area, i can go all through our house upstairs and downstairs and it stays between 4-5 bars, i don't recall seeing less than 3 bars all around town so far, the phone gets a great signal, and cingular "in my area" puts out a great signal.my wife just came back from a business trip, she was about 150 miles away "with no roaming charges" btw our last cell phone service "alltel" would have been roaming within 20 miles.anyway when she got to the hotel she called we both had perfect signal strength, we both put phone in "speaker phone" mode and she just laid the phone in closed position on the night stand while she unpacked her suitcases, i put mine on my night stand and we talked for about an hour with no problems at all, and it was a free call "mobile to mobile".we sent a couple text messages to each other that worked no problem.she used the phone as her alarm clock the next morning which worked perfectly.now as for what 1-2 reviewers have said about the battery life, most likely they have gotten one of those 1-2 out of 1000.i've had phone 12 days have charged it 3 times and have never let it go to the point where is says it "needs" charging, so average 4 days per charge and just like the manual states it appears as though battery life is getting a bit better after a few charges, so i'm easily going to get 3-5 days per charge, and that's with a lot of fiddling around with it because it's new and 1-2 hours talk time.some one mentioned they dropped the phone on its hinge and it broke. i have yet to drop the phone but it seems to be very well made to me, either way i would suggest getting a krusell cover for it which i did but has not been delivered yet, and also insurance for $4.99 a month from cingular which covers anything and everything for life of the phone, thus that problem is solved.someone mentioned something about the "address book being slow" not even sure what that means, i only have about 8 numbers in it so far but it comes up virtually instantly for me, maybe if you have 100++ numbers in it might take a couple seconds? dunno.as for searching through the phone book, they mentioned you have to make a new entry for each number for same person, no you don't, you have the option to show numbers any way you wish, either by "name" or "speed dial #" or "voice name" or even by "email" and with or without a picture of the person.someone said it took them 5-10 seconds to open address book and dial a number from it, well i just now did it in under 3-4 secs, not to mention if you have it set for "voice command" it takes 1 sec.want it faster and easier if you have a lot of names/entries? then set it for "list only" "no picture" and by "primary number only", simple. you can also separate numbers even further by putting in "categories" such as "business/personal/general/vips"bring up category your number is in only that way even if you have 100s of names & #s it thins them to category.when you have "primary number only" listed all you need to do then to get all the other numbers & email listing for that name is to "highlight name and use left or right on the navigation button to get all the other numbers" once again very simple and easy to use. i find the phone book to be excellent & fast.1-2 have mentioned something about "ear piece volume too low"  the ear piece volume is fine just make sure the "volume" is turned up and it is just a good as any other cell phone i have ever used, make sure your ear is right at the "top edge of the phone", too low and volume will sound low. someone mentioned to take out the little blue cover, do not do that since it has nothing to do with ear piece volume, there are 4 speaker holes along the top edge of phone just make sure center of your ear is even with these holes and volume is just as loud as any phone you have used.now myself i find the phone overall to be excellent, gets a great signal, has way more than enough features for me, works very well for its intended purpose "phone" seems to be very well made, nice size, looks great, has a really nice screen with sharp image & colors.i have only one complaint so far......the screen which looks outstanding inside under any indoor lighting, especially if you are in the dark, well that same screen outdoors under "sunlight" is virtually unreadable. so there you have my one gripe.i will come back and update this if anything changes, but as for right now and for free and can hardly see how you can go wrong with this phone.update: 4/08/08my wife and i still have both of these phones, neither of us have had even one single problem with them and its getting close to 3 years of everyday use (these are our only phones, we only have cell phone service no land line).the only slight problem we have had in over 2 1/2 years is when we finally had to change the battery we went with the cheap $5 battery that you can find several places and they were no where even close to as good as the original battery but that is not the fault of the phone.these phones have preformed flawlessly and we use the hell out of them.
i live in an area where cingular service is really good; i have experienced virtually no dropped calls.  the phone itself is not one that i picked or researched extensively.  my son tossed my old phone into the wash and thanks to the insurance i had previously purchased i got this phone as a replacement.  it is longer and wider than my old motorola phone but it is also thinner.  i was concerned about the thickness and durability.  this phone is also metal so i feel more confident using it than i did my previous motorola phone.my old accessories don't fit even though it is the same manufacturer this just seems silly but what can you do?i purchased motorola phonetools 3.0 by avanquest for my previous phone.  i plugged my new phone in and the program automatically updated to 4.0 and it prompted me to add a profile for my current phone.  with this program i can make my own ring tones and manage my address book and sync it with outlook so i don't have to worry about saving my settings to my sim chip.  i also put my favorite picture of my phone dunker and his brother in my phone's memory and i use it as my wallpaper.my bluetooth accessories work better with this phone than my previous motorola.  on that phone the connection between the earpiece and the phone would suddenly stop functioning.  i could not hear anyone through the earpiece or using the phone and to make it function i had to power the phone off and on each time i used my bluetooth headset - annoying.the razr and my jabra work well together.  it works great for voice dialing in my experience and i can answer the cell and drive - though i rarely do this because i am one of those people who actually like to be unreachable sometimes.so i am very happy with this phone but in fairness to other reviewers i did not have specific expectations when i acquired this phone.
i had a samsung x427 before this and it was awful. dropped calls, poor reception, wouldn't hold a charge. this phone changed my opinion completely. it does everything i need and then some, and the camera/video is a bonus. the only downside and the difference between 4 & 5 stars was that it did not behave well with my jabra earwrap-the remote button did not work-and the speakerphone is a joke. but speakerphone is not really what i needed, it was reliability and function.really a far step forward-i recommend it for anyone needing a reliable phone.
my wife and i each purchased v551s with our migration to cingular 6 months ago. in that time (during which the phone was never dropped, bumped, etc), i've replaced my phone twice, and hers once. the problems we've had include:- random "white screen of death"- bluetooth connectivity problems (isolated to phones)- dropped calls in perfect reception areas- random battery indications- the infamous "unable to charge" problemadd to that motorola's lousy phonebook and ui, and retarded bluetooth handling (e.g., if any bt device is connected, the same moto default ring sounds, regardless of sound profile or caller-specific ringtones), and you have an overpriced, overhyped, oversize paperweight.i'm fortunate cingular offers my company's employees discounts on new phones, so that i can go back to sony ericsson. my old t616 gave me 2 years of perfect service, even after having been dropped twice. it's on its 2nd owner now, who has used it for 6 months problem-free.
i bought this phone because it was a editors choice in a leading computer magazine.  i would have preferred the motorola v3 razor but that is still far too expensive and i have found that this phone is basically the same as the razor just not as thin or stylish.plus points of this phone include:- a beautiful screen. it is large, bright, and has excellent resolution.- very good pictures from the camera.  i can't believe that it is just .3 megapixels... of course you won't be able to blow them up into posters or anything like that but for viewing on a computer or even the occasional 3x5 print the pictures are very good.- excellent sound quality from the speaker so your ringtones and the speakerphone sound great.- very nice construction with a easy to grip rubberized metal trim and back.- the button layout is very nice with a dedicated button for taking pictures and volume buttons on the side.  also of note is that most of the buttons are user programable.- the phone also has voice dialing and picture caller id (although the pictures are very small and do not appear on the external display)- the bluetooth is very easy to set up and use- it is a true quad band phone that can be used worldwide (although it has to be unlocked first).- excellent battery life.  i can't believe some of the reviews that say it needs to be charged every day... i find myself charging the phone after about 4-5 days with moderate use.  of course i have the screen saver turned off and i make sure that the bluetooth is disabled when i am not using it so maybe that is why i have great stanby and talk times.  also the place where i purchased my phone told me to charge it for 24 hours before the first use (to condition the li battery) so maybe this has helped to increase the battery life.the negative points about this phone include:- the blue external display looks cool but i think it would be more visible if it were typical backlit black on white lcd (like on the motorola v180)- the instruction manual (like most motorola manuals) does not do a good job of explaining all the features so you will have to play with the phone a little bit to fully make use of all that this phone can do.- even though the pictures from the camera are excellent, the video quality is not so good.  of course this is a cell phone not a video camera so i guess it is about what you would expect.  also there is no flash on the camera (unlike some other camera phones) so low light pictures are not that great.- there is no usb port on the phone so unless you want to buy a motorola cable, the only way to transfer pictures to your computer (and mp3's to your phone) is via bluetooth. (hint: you can get a bluetooth adapter for less than $20 bucks so don't waste your money buying the motorola cable. also with the bluetooth adapter you won't need any special software to transfer pictures or mp3... just use the software with the bluetooth adapter).- the connector for the charger has the typical motorola design so occasionally you have to jiggle it to get it to fit in just right but make sure that your press the button on the connector before removing it or else you will damage the contacts... this may be why some users are having problems charging their phones- the phone only comes in blue so it does not look as cool as other motorola phones like the v180 or the razorall in all this is the best phone that i have owned.  user's who complain about call drops and bad signals should be complaining about the carrier and not the phone.  personally i have noticed that ever since the cingular and at&t; merger, signal quality and call quality have both declined.  a cingular rep told me it is temporary until they are able to better integrate both networks... this makes sense because i have only had this problem since i switched my sim card to the new cingular sim that makes use of both networks.
i've had this phone for about four months now, and i haven't had a single technical problem with mine, even after a couple of typical drops on paved surfaces.  i do charge it every night; however, i've found that the bluetooth radio makes a very significant difference in battery life, which may spur some of the complaints about the shorter battery life than the v400 (no bt capability on that one).  it is possible to turn off the bt radio if you don't need it for any accessories or connections.  my charge lasts for several days if i do this.  i really don't feel inconvenienced by charging daily and leaving bt on, though.in general, the phone has great screen quality (compared directly to my friends' v400s), great speakerphone and polyphonic ringtone capability, great sound quality at both ends, great voice dialing performance (very useful with headset), and i'm entirely satisfied with the camera, considering it is a cellphone camera.i'll admit the interface was a bit cumbersome at first, but it's very customizable with changeable function keys, shortcuts, and menu orders.  i find mine very efficient since i've tweaked it to suit my tastes and usage.additionally, contrary to some previous reviews, i have successfully transferred both information (phone book, etc.) and media (pictures, ringtones, etc.) to and from the phone with my bluetooth adapter on my pc, without using cingular's services.  i did have some trouble getting it to work initially, but i found that it was my firewall getting in the way (remember, bluetooth is a network connection).i suppose my one complaint is the conspicuous absence of games (only comes with a bejeweled demo), but in the end it doesn't really bother me.  i could buy a game for $4 if i really wanted one.overall, i find the phone very feature-rich and high quality, efficient to use once customized, and as rugged as the average cellphone.
my chief complaint with this phone is that the ringtone selector is accessible from the outside of the phone which causes it to be changed when simply handling it or fiddling with it in your pocket. there have been numerous times where i have missed calls because it was inadverdantly set to silent just from being pulled out of my pocket! the rest of the complaints are from the poor and confusing motorola software and menu structure. this phone does quite a bit but rarely can i find how to access these features even after months of ownership and i have owned several other motorola phones before. i often am talking and am buried in some inscrutable set of menu's when i am trying to do something else like activate bluetooth or find a number in the phonebook the software is also slow and unresponsive compared to nokia or samsung which gives it a lazy and inexact feel. some of the pluses are the rubberized finish which is easy to grip, full support for bluetooth (although bluetooth sucks up so much battery power that it becomes borderline useless) and nice large well lit keys and crisp screen.the phone has an overall feeling of solidity without being too heavy or clumsy feeling. i have gotten more drops on this phone than any other but i have never used cingular before so i don't know whether its the service or phone. overall i want to like the phone but i'm searching for something else as the frustrations arent worth it.
bottom linestrongly recommended.  this phone replaced a highly-rated nec 525 so my assessment is largely in comparison to it.  based on my research, the v551 has virtually the same features as the much more expensive razr v3(although not as thin and made largely of plastic rather than brushed aluminum).  from the many online reviews i've read, early versions of the v551 had problems with lockups and dropped calls.  i haven't seen many of those types of comments lately so i'm assuming motorola worked the kinks out.pros--very good reception and sound quality.  gets three and four bars in my office; i had to stand by the window to use the nec--it's nice looking; the body is mostly plastic but appears solidly made (the nec was plug ugly).  nice raised number keys.--calls and rings can be made very loud (which is good since i often carry it in a pocket or briefcase, or have it in the car with the sunroof open and music blaring)--decent quality pictures for a phone camera--bluetooth--mp3 ringtones; also extensive selection of built in ringtones (although most aimed at young users rather than professionals).--good speaker phone function--edge makes for fast web browsing--excellent procedure for downloading and saving data via wap--much easier than the nec--i can now access hotmail which i couldn't with the nec--nice looking screen--itap text entry system works better than the similar function on the nec--good voice dialing (the voice tags on my nec simply took me to that phone book entry and didn't actually dial which the moto does)--ability to change ring volume and method (to include a useful vibrate then ring method) with external keys is very handy; ring volume can be made very loud--buttons and functions are highly customizable--very good date book--quad band (i've used my nec and the siemens it replaced in about a dozen countries, including iraq)--nice price ($74 from at&t;)cons--organization of the phone book is a common complaint but once i figured it out, it's fine.  you can store five numbers and an email per entry. (you must save entries to the phone not the sim, and organize by primary listing).  it's not the best--the nec allowed multiple emails plus other information--but it works.--battery life is also a complaint but i found that by following moto's recommendations--completely discharge and re-charge it the first few times--it's fine.  now i can go 3 to 5 days between charges with normal use.  (as another reviewer noted, the battery life was short for the first few days i had it but then improved dramatically.)--physically the v551 is a bit thick compared not only to my nec but also to my previous motos--a star tac and v60.  but it does fit in a suit jacket pocket--speaker phone function can only be turned on during a call, not before--maximum time before the screen turns off for power saving is 20 seconds.  you have to touch a key to make it come back on.  this can interfere with things like downloads--screen icons are small and fuzzy; the user's manual doesn't explain what they are--small navigation keys, but that's the price you pay for a relatively small phone--of the three built-in skins, two are glaringly bright and tacky.  as with the ringtones, moto was clearly focused on young users rather than professionals--when using a bluetooth headset, the v551 will only use a cheesy, stock ringtone--personal ones will not work--you have to go through the recognition routine with a bluetooth device every time you use it (although this only takes about ten seconds).--works great with a moto bluetooth headset but i've had less luck linking with a non-moto bluetooth adapter for my computer--lousy user's manual--lousy user's manual--did i mention the lousy user's manual? (this is inexcusable)--voice dialing is not universal.  in other words, it "learns" one voice rather than responding to anyone saying the correct word or phrase.--stubby antenna (although this is a trade-off: i get better reception than with the internal antenna on my nec)--i would have been happy to pay the extra fifty cents or so it would have cost to have real metal on the front instead of plastic made to look like metal.--the synchronization software (motorola mobile phone tools)and cable cost extra.  i have not been able to make it function.  motorola's support is utterly worthless--i asked for help online and they told me to call them.  two attempts led to disconnects after 10-15 minutes on hold without ever getting to an actual tech person.  the software developer--bvrp--is trying to help but hasn't been able to fix the problem.  i may seek a refund from the online vendor and look into alternative sync software.
i didn't like it but my husband seems to think that it works great for him and uses it often.
doesn't stay on even if you figure out how to get it on. the ear plug piece is big and bulky and then you can't hear. the mouth piece is way too short so no one can hear you talk over the car and road noise.  the cord is too short and there is not volume control on the cord with is inconvenient. get the bluetooth and give up the wire.
i owned one of these for about three months, then it started to fall apart.  it was $30 at best buy.  i haven't replaced it, as $30 is a *lot*.$10?  i'm buying two more.  i can be moving 20 mph on my bicycle, talking to someone, with no problems.  it has far better sound quality than my 'backup', which is a jabra with no boom.  the ear volume is adjustable on my phone, and i'm wondering what phones other reviewers have that won't let them adjust the volume?
this fell apart after one use, and the person i called couldn't even hear me when it wasn't broken to pieces.  very disappointed! :(
this model, the c150, is one of 4 jabra headsets i have ordered. i continued to try different jabra models because the ear piece is by far the most comfortable and best sound quality i have ever used, however, all 4 jabras had very poor microphone quality. with each one, the persons on the other end could not hear me. disappointed. i found that it worked well with a cell phone, but not with a cordless phone.
the only downside with this headset is that the first one i owned broke after about 2 years of use. first the ear "hook" piece broke off. then the 2.5mm jack broke while in a plug - i'm only glad it was in an adapter and not my phone at the time or it would have ruined the phone.i bought another one and it works fine. hopefully that broken 2.5mm jack was a one-time thing. otherwise the sound quality and fit are great. the reviewer who says the ear piece is too snug should use a smaller ear piece - there are 3 different sizes that come with the headset for each ear.
i screwed up; shouldn't have ordered this; it's of no use to me.  since the real price was hidden in the "shipping and handling" it's pointless to return it; i'll just write it off as an "educational expense".i actually bought this to use on a cordless handset that had a "hands free" 2.5mm jack. (siemens cordless phone system).  the owners manual says "...any 2.5 mm headset", so that's what i bought.  i don't even know where this thing is anymore; i put it back in the little bag and forgot about it.i tried it on three of the handsets in the system; the plug simply captures the line and makes a loud, "screeching" sound...  ...playing with the plug, i can find one tenuous position about a quarter of the way out where i can hear audio from the phone, but the moment i let it slip it goes back to the screeching.i can't get it to work on anything else either including my wife's samsung intensity (which also has a 2.5mm headset jack; same results), but i don't have access to a palmevery so often i do something stupid; buying this was one of those occasions.
these did not work since the day i got them.the right earbud never had sound.i got a replacement, and it's the same situation.i am not sure if it's because i'm using a nokia e71x, but they both don't work properly.
there's a problem with the design of this headset. the jack used is too short. it's extremely sensitive to movement. if you don't have it plugged in all the way and keep it still, you'll loose the connection. i don't know why they designed it that way...
i purchased this headset from bto, inc to fit thepalm centrosmartphone, which as a 3/32" (not 1/8") headphone jack. this headset fits and works perfectly.if you are familiar with the mono headset that shipped with older palm or handspring treo phones, this headset is a stereo version. the buds are hard plastic in-the-ear type with a thin cushion (which you must install without tearing). the microphone is on the left bud, and is held close to your mouth because the left side wire is much shorter than the right side. the mic has an answer/hang up button. and the set is terminated by a 3/32" four conductor plug.the build and sound quality of this set are good. the plug has strain relief and the wiring is thin but more rugged than expected.  the buds have bass ports and the mic capsule is a reasonable size. the centro has a microsd card for storing mp3 tracks, and this headset does a good job reproducing the dynamic range of classical music.there are better headsets available. but if you want a headset to fit a stereo treo with a mic, answer button, and decent sound, it's hard to find one that costs less. four stars instead of five because the bud cushions are thin and tear easy.
great sound, i use my phone for music at the gym so i am moving around and i have had no problems. to get it any cheaper, you have to steal it!
i doesn't hold a charge for very long which is to be expected for an inexpensive battery.  you really do get what you pay for, don't you?
great price for motorola branded batteries.  works great and seems to last as long as original battery did when new.
the first battery received lost it's charge overnight..the vendor replaced it with another look alike that is working better.not totally happy with the quality but the vendor was responsive and that is important for discount item transactions like this.
oem battery, works great and received in just 3 days! love the razr but original battery died, bought an aftermarket, it only lasted 9 months, so back to oem.
i lost the charge for my motorola razr v3, and i found this cheap one, surprisingly, it works so great that i asked my frds whoever lost the charger to buy from eforcity
i read other reviews before i've bought this battery and decided to try my luck anyway for 7 bucks :) so, i'm here to tell you that it works nice to me, i own it for the month already and still i have 3+ hours for talking and 3 days for stand by!!! isn't it great?! of course it is :)i'm glad that i've tried it, i was even thinking if it won't keep the power for 3 hours for talking i'll need to go in at&t; store and by original one for $40, the old one that was going with one kept the power for one and a half years. will see for how long this one will leave.
anywhere else this battery costs at minimum 4 times more. even with the shipping it's a steal. grab two or three for backup.a-1 service from a-1 accessories.
i was leary about purchasing the battery because it cost so little.  but i called the vendor and asked if it was a new battery and not used or re-conditioned. the vendor assured me it was a new battery.  it has performed well so far.
i bought this thinking i was walking into a bad deal. however, it has been a great battery. i must say, for the price, i was extremely well pleased.
this is the 3rd "oem" battery i bought via amazon marketplace -- as with the others, it was terrible. i ordered form the oem shop a br50. they sent a br56 which is supposed to be even better with 3 hours talk time. it did not last 30 minutes after a complete overnight charge. nowhere as long as the battery i am trying to replace which lasts over an hour instead of the original 2 1/2 hours.oem sent a counterfeit fake battery --- not oem. how can you tell? because motorola oem batteries are made in japan. these say clearly that they are made in china. i had the same problem and returned the same battery from wireless phone accessories and batteries4less.amazon_- you should be screening these sellers and addressing these issues. there are a ton of posts under every single one of the motorola razr battery listing that say they got bad or counterfeit batteries.theses companies make their money by selling junk, counting on the amazon customer not to feel it is worth the hassle to return it. for every one i have to return i lose an hour of my time. my time is worth more than th $10 i get ripped off for. but i do it anyway b/c hopefully at some point amazon is going to take responsibility for the conduct of their market sellers. amazon's new logo is to become the most customer centric company on earth. well amazon, you can start here: bargain cell -- which is one of the worst offenders, wireless phone accessories and now the oem shop -- what a joke for a name for the last one since clearly they know they are selling counterfeit batteries.i paid $30 for one from batteries4less hoping to get the real deal -- i got the exact same batter i got from the oem shop -- the exact same counterfeit. so it has nothing to do with the price paid. just dishonest online sellers.
i should clarify my review title by saying that this battery is pricey compared to the non-motorola batteries which mostly received negative reviews. i know someone who bought one of these and had good experience. however i decided to pay more and go for a motorola replacement. it works well. if it lasts as long as my original motorola battery (1.5 year), i'll be very satisfied.
replacement batteries are working great.  they take a charge, hold it, and last seemingly as long as the original when it was new.
i had my doubts because this product was priced so cheaply, but it has performed very well now and has given my phone noticeable life.  i would highly recommend this product.
product arrived on time. i charged the battery fully and it works as intended with no problems in my phone.
they are probably old batteries sitting on a shelf by the time we got them. not much better than the old ones i was replacing.
i purchased three of these batteries and each one would not last through one day in standby (not making calls) before it went dead.  i thought i had a problem with my razr v3m so i took it in and was informed that these batteries do not have enough milliamps required for the razr.  they replaced it with the correct battery and i have been using that one now for over a year with no problem.
i agree with other reviews... people who talk to me hear a horrible echo due to the mic picking up the earspeakers sound... even if i set the earspeaker to the lowest volume.  i'm glad it came free with my phone, because if i'd payed for this... i'd be pretty mad.
can't go wrong for under $25. i bought this when it was $40 and i've been very happy. i replaced my jabra headset after i lost it. i think this is actually more comfortable. i've never had any of the issues described here. it's seems to be very clear and nobody on the other end has ever complained about not being able to understand me. maybe i just talk louder than everyone else. :)
battery powered so no charging. item delivered on time, was as described. it works perfectly with very true sound and easy to pair to my phone.
this is my second bluetooth headset so i am able to compare this with my previous one (a plantronics m2500).  overall it is not a bad headset but it does have some flaws.*** plus points include:***- uses a single aaa battery so there is no need to lug around a charger when traveling.  this alone is reason enough to make many people consider this headset over others.- great battery life.  i don't understand the user that complained of only getting 1 hour of standby time.  normally i get about 5-7 days standby with 4-5 hours talk time on a aaa rechargeable that is already somewhat depleted.  a fully charged aaa or a aaa alkaline should do far better!- fits snugly on the ear and is relatively low profile...although some users are right in that occasionally it feels like it might fall off the ear even though it is snug.- great price from motorola dot com.  i got this for $23 bucks with a leather pocket clip (including shipping).- no internal battery so you won't have to throw it away when the battery dies (the plantronics has a non replaceable internal rechargeable so when the battery dies in 1-2 years you will have to buy another headset).*** negative points include: ***- the side multifunction button is too easy to press accidentally so occasionally i end up redialing the last call.- the plastic is a little too lightweight so if you drop it, it will get scratched.- switching ears is not as straightforward as it was with the plantronics headset.  you have to remove the earpiece clip and then reprogram the volume buttons.  it doesn't take long but it is still a hassle compared to the plantronics which only requires you to rotate the rubber ear insert.- the volume is definately not as high as the plantronics headset but it should be adequate for most people in most situations.- the light does not give you any clue as to the status of its battery.  the plantronics will start flashing a red light when the battery gets weak whereas the motorola just starts beeping.  great if you have it on your ear but not so good if you have it sitting on your desk or in the leather pocket clip.- the motorola does seem to have a lower range than the plantronics. i am not sure if that has to do with the battery not  being fully charged but i was able to use the plantronics downstairs while my phone was upstairs whereas the motorola will lose the connection as soon as i get to the base of the stairs.overall the motoroal hs805 is a great headset for first time bluetooth users or for anyone who travels a lot or talks a lot and does not want to lug around a power adapter, but if you want a lot of the latest features then you should look elsewhere.
the battery life on this unit is great. i can use it daily for an hour or so every day, on a single aaa for at least two weeks. (it appears from other reviews that this can vary a lot.)i use this headset with both a treo 650 phone, and a apple powerbook g4. on the apple, i can use it as a generic output device. (i'm sure the same goes for other headsets.) the signal is strong enough on the apple to use it from about 30 feet away; on the treo 650, the signal is not nearly as good.the sound is ok. it's not the best. if it's noisy -- e.g., like driving, or in a hotel room with the air conditioner fan blowing full-blast  -- or if the person on the other end is not talking very loudly, then it's sometimes hard to hear.it'll drop audio -- i.e., the call goes back to my cell phone -- when the battery is getting low. you can milk it a while longer, but that's really your first clue about the battery.the earpiece is ok; it's not as secure as i'd hope. if you're outside in a gust, you may want to hang on to it.also, people on the other end sometimes can tell i'm on a headset with this one -- they mention that i sound a little staticky.this is my first bluetooth headset, so perhaps my rating is higher just because it's a nifty gadget. but the battery life on this is really the winner -- my work-mates have rechargeable headsets, and it seems like they're always having to charge them. i use rechargeable nimh aaa's, and they just last a really long time with this unit.
summary: stay away, this product sports a very poor design...pro:+ very low price+ very small and lightweight+ relatively easy to use+ pair up well with all my bt phonescon:- morse-code like feedback signal - they try to accomplish too many tasks with single beep/tone.  1 short beep, 2 short beeps, 3 short beeps, 1 long beep, 3 beeps up, 3 beeps down.  like another reviewer said,  you really have to read the manual or keep it nearyby to be able to understand what all the beeping means.- echos no matter what volume you set it, partly because this thing is very loud- insanely difficult to open the battery door.  i got so frustrated, i was about to throw this thing out of the window.  for a product that use regular batteries, the battery door is the most difficult to open.  once opened, you need a pair of tweazers to pull the battery out.  the battery compartment is very deep and extremely snug.  this must be a sick joke by motorola.  forget about changing the battery on the go, you need to sit down and have a few tools and a lot of patience.  (for the record: this was my breaking point, i had to return this unit, because installing the battery for the first time was enough of a turn-off)- sound quality is mediocre at best
i bought a different boxwave patent leather clutch with magnetic closure and was so impressed by it's functionality. boxwave changed the style to a snap closure and i didn't realize it until i received it.i'm not taking stars away because of my mistake, but by the usual problem i have with snap closures. i have to spend extra time trying to snap it together because it doesn't just close on its own like with a magnet.the case also had marks inside under two of the stitches and shows mark on the patent leather as soon as i run anything slightly against it. i used this case once, maybe twice, had to return to the magnetic boxwave leather clutch instead.
it's shiny which is pretty but that makes it a fingerprint magnet. its just okay. i buy a lot of cases for my phones because i like to switch them out a lot. this one is nice for the times when you want a dressier case. for everyday i think i will stick with real leather cases from zenus. they cost a lot more but they they wear well too if you buy their real leather cases. the case cover creases if you accidentally run your fingernail along it. it's permanent crease. its bulky so it protects but makes the phone too big. i used to love boxwave, but this one is a little disappointing.  why buy a cheap case for your $650 phone.
this is a nice case that resembles a wallet because it holds your credit cards and papers while still keeping your galaxy note ii protected.
quality and value of this item are fine, but whoa, it smells so bad!! just like bug spray! i returned it promptly.
samsung note 2 lets face it is a large phone... howeva i am all about putting it in nice cases. this case hits a stars. has a credit/id slots and a money slot - love that - so i don't have to carry a purse. plus the strap is nice to have on wrist while on the phone (you know how crazy people are now a days running by snatching phones, extra secure). best parts phone is secure in case holder when flip case over open. there is an appropriate hole in the back of case for the s-pen removal. also the phone button closes versus most magnetic closure cases out here.only con: no speaker hole in front to close case while talking on phone.howeva regardless -- highly recommend. might get another in another color.
bought this for my girlfriend's s3, and she loved it. having that wrist lanyard is really helpful, and it is a nice looking case for the phone. fitment is perfect. also the slick outer sheen is pretty easy to clean off when stuff gets on it, however its somewhat easy to leave indent marks/scratches on if left in a purse with pens or anything sharp.one thing i hadnt noticed from the sellers page was that this case is held together by a snap. it seems like they have now added one picture in which you can kind of see it from the side. this is no a problem, it holds well, but a magnet might have been nice.the only real drawbacks are that when you keep the cover closed for a while, it may leave small horizontal smudge marks on the phone from the card pockets. also extended use of the phone in this case will cause it to heat up faster than on some of the other cases i've tried. both of these can be mildly annoying, but arent really a big problem.
the product was ok however the material is somehow cheap looking leather. i am expecting something with more natural feel on it and not the one with shining look.
i tried putting my galaxy s4 in the case and it kept popping out. it seems like the plastic casing is too small for the phone. very disappointed.
i liked the case very much = but i no longer have the phone = so the new buyer that bought it from me and the case.
this is the perfect case for my phone. even  having a big phone the case makes it feel small and easy to handle.it gives great protection can even take a drop or a slip out of the hand. i love this case the black patent leather makes it a very stylish case.
its cheap the wristlet is like a little thread and not sturdy at all. you have to clip your uncased phone into the plastic backing attached 5o the purse. money part needs length to really pack some cash in. id like a better cash compartment which is one thing i wanted in my purchase.  id say purchase a cheaper product like this. id the wristlet breaks and im positive it will your product is pointless.  buyer be aware. update. i stopped using this. the same day i got this my phone was kind of stuck in it and without thinking i was madly pulling at it. needless to say my note 2 went flying and cracked the screen to pieces. just be careful handling your phone since this privides no protection and can be tough to disengage from the phone.
will take nothing away from the product.  for my personal taste it was a bit bulkier than i prefer. quality is good no complaints otherwise.
this case not only looks fantastic, but it very functional and convenient to carry all the necessities (credit card, id, cash, etc.)  it only smelled like plastic for the first 2-3 minutes after i opened it, which didn't bother me at all. overall this case is awesome. it's cute, and seems sturdy and well made. buy it!
this case is perfect, the shiny black is just what my girlfreind was looking for, looks sturdy enough to last forever, and there is mini pockets inside the cover, verry nice thanks
i actually like this case a lot. i was worried about the price and it being a tpu and all. i have to say, i have a feeling this one is going to last a lot longer than the spigen neo-hybrid i owned for 3 months before it broke. and even better, i can fit all of my charging and headphone devices perfectly, unlike the spigen. it doesn't make the case bulky, as it may look. it actually feels quite nice in my hands. overall, i really like this case. if that happens to change eventually, i will absolutely re-review it!
i like style, wrist band, good close clip, but once put credit cards in its hard to close. phone stays in ok but if dropped phone will pop out.
it's patent so very easy to scratch. however the case is cute. seems to fit but phone has slid out on multiple occasions out of case.
bought it as a present for my mom to match her purse and she loves it! she likes it better that her &#34;signature&#34; case becasue of the quality
looks and feels like plastic. like the snap instead of a magnet. looks better in the picture than in person. holding up great after a couple of weeks. .
it was a very nice case. well made great color........ but i bought the wrong size. had to send it back.
not pleased with the first cover she ordered for her samsung galaxy note 2, my wife is loving this one by boxwave.  she loves the compartments for her id, credit card, and money.  the fit is good, no problems taking pictures or talking.  she likes the carrying strap as well, and the case's flexibility.
i bought this for my daughter to use on her vacation cruise. the magnetic clasp erased her room card and credit card. kind of defeats the purpose of the clutch. it might be ok if you just used your drivers license phone and cash but people don't really carry cash and to have to have a credit or bank card reissued is problematic.
the boxwave provides good protection for your samsung galaxy note 2, and doesn't provide near as much bulk as the livitech defender double layer hybrid hard case.  i still would recommend the samsung oem case over them all.
this is a great case for the note 2.  i had been undecided about whether to use a cover such as this or a belt holster as i've always used.  i wound up ordering both, this and a reiko case.  they both work good separately, but not together.  if you try to use both, it is almost impossible to remove the note 2 from the reiko as it becomes stuck due to the tight fit.  i decided to use the boxwave exclusively and have not been dissatisified with my decision.  i simply slide the note 2 into my front pocket.  and no, the phone isn't too big for my pants pocket.the pros for this case is that it makes the note 2 look stylish, and due to the rubbery feel, it makes the phone feel quite stable in my hand; however, the rubbery feel doesn't interfere with it going in and out of my pocket.  if i had to come up with a con for the boxwave tuxedo suitup case, it would be that due to its glossiness, it shows fingerprints,  however, they wipe off easily.in summary, i would definitely order one of these cases again.
i received this item in dec. been using it since then. wanted to make sure i liked it and it did its job. it is light weight and does not add any bulk to the phone while protecting it. well worth the money. i am thinking of ordering a few more of these in different colors. :-)
my favorite tpu case. offers enough protection and grip, can take off easily and slip it right back on. i can slip a couple of cards and bills between the phone and the case if need be.
adds too much bulk to my phone, hence i purchased a different case.  also unlike the pictures on the site, the buttons on your phone will be covered.  the areas on the case where the power button and volume rocker are located are covered by plastic.  not good in my opinion.  makes it harder to press those buttons.  might be preferred by those looking for a good amount of protection for their phone.
this case is a little thicker than my old tpu slim case but i expected that and really like the firmness of the material used.  no gaps or flimsy rubber on this.  this is my everyday case now.  fit and finish as great and feels good in the hand.
case is very nice, great, solid fit. the feel is very nice and minimal size. the buttons seem to be a bit hard to press for me, volume and on/off, but probably just need to get used to the feel. nice case, good build, solid fit. slides in to pocket without issue.
this case has a tackle touch which makes it nice to carry. not worried about dropping the phone.fits well and works just fine,  thank you very much. .
fits well, offers decent protection and gives the phone good grip at a good price. i would order this case again.
this thing is sweet. i have to say that so far this is the best case that i have tried out from box wave. it slipped on very snug and was even harder to get off. although it is not impossible to get off it is difficult which is a good thing in my book. this case is very comfortable in the hand and just feels right. all controls were easily accessed and everything on my galaxy note 2 worked fine with the case on it. the only thing i didn't like was that this does not come with a holster. i like to use holsters and carry my phone on my belt. well i did manage to find a holster from one of my earlier purchases for my phone and it fit the box wave like a glove. it was from one of those 2 piece rubber and hard plastic cases that amazon sells for about $7.00. i can't remember the name but as soon as i do i will update this review so you can order this case and holster combo just for the holster. i have had the chance to locate the name of the case and holster and it is from "rhino" brand. the ones i have were "black rhino". i hated the cases but the holster is a perfect fit for this box wave case.
bought to replace another that i bought for my wife a year ago and it is great. not heavy, stand work the way it should and it fits like a glove. gives grate stability to the slippery side of the phone and allows for one handed function.
i have bought many cases for many different cellphones and this is the first case that compelled me to write a review.  this is by far, the best case i have ever had.  it fits so perfectly, you'd think that it was meant to be a second skin for the phone.  and the fact that it doesn't add a lot of bulk, but feels like it will protect very well makes it that much better.  this case is worth more than double or triple the price.  i wish they made this exact case for every phone.  it would be my go-to case.  please make one for the htc one!
first, i'm a huge fan of tpu cases; and hate silicone ones.  there's a huge difference, in case you, the reader, doesn't know.  tpu is better... light years better!but there are a lot of not-so-good tpu cases out there; and not because there's anything wrong with the tpu. rather, it's because they're cheaply made, or not cut precisely accurately... that sort of thing.this particular case is the very epitome of precision cut.  it's perfect.  every hole is centered on whatever it reveals beneath... the camera lens, the flash, the speaker, the mic holes, the earphone jack, and, of course, the stylus.  note that there's no holes for the power button or volume rocker......and that, trust me, is the way it should be!  so many of these tpu cases make cutouts for the power button and volume rockers, and that's a huge mistake.  if you've ever cleaned an old-style computer mouse -- you know, the ones with the hard rubber ball partially hanging down out of the centerhold on the bottom -- if you've ever open one of those up and cleaned one, then you've seen the dark kinda' fuzzy weird stuff that you must scratch off all the rollers and whatnot.  that stuff is body oil, mixed with skin cells, mixed with dust and hair, mixed with lint from the mouse pad, mixed with godknows what else.  it gets into and under and around virtually anything which humans touch......including down inside and around the hardware buttons on a smartphone!  and when that stuff gets in there, buttons stick, and phones either won't turn on or off, or can't have their screens awakened properly... or, one of the common ones which people often don't realize is caused by a sticking power button:  boot loops!having a tpu cover which covers the power button and volume rocker helps eliminate that problem.  of course, there's still the electromechanical home key that's uncovered; and if you look on youtube you can find examples of phones which their owners mistakenly believe are broken, because their home keys cause weird behavior; but, in fact, all that's wrong is that over time the home key has gotten all gunked-up with the aforementioned body oil, mixed with dust and hair, mixed with... well... you get the picture.there's not a lot we can do about the home key problem (if it's a hardware electromechanical one, as opposed to a simple capacitive on on the glass), but we sure can keep the crap out of our power buttons and volume rockers with tpu cases that cover them......and this one does... and magnificently.  it even has nicely-molded buttons (as opposed to cheap tpu cases which just have a sort of bulge with a little bit of texture added to it.  this case is simply molded beautifully!this case is special for another reason, too, which many people, i'll bet, don't know about, and that's precisely how its sides wrap up and onto the front face of the phone: the bezel around the glass screen.  it's really nice, and very different from how other tpu cases do it.remember that the note ii is kinda' unique in that the very, very edges of its glass screen  aren't like almost any other phone.  most phones have a perfectly flat piece of glass as their screens; and then there's the metal bezel of the case which almost comes into contact with the glass's edge all-'round; and the top of the bezel is ever-so-slightly elevated above the flat plane of the glass screen, so that if you place the phone on its glass screen on a table, the glass, itself, it not actually touching the table because that bezel edge is holding it a millimeter or so up off the table's surface.well, the note ii's glass is actually higher up (when it's lying on its back) than the bezel edge of the case; and, in fact, the very, very edge of the note ii's glass seesm to roll over and down toward the case's bezel. as such, if you lay the note ii on its face (on its glass, it's the glass that actually touches the table.  this makes for a bit of nightmarishness with regard to screen protectors; and one maker of them (realook) manufactures two dry-apply versions for the note ii: one that sits on just the flat part of the note ii's screen, and so leaves a wider-than-normal amount of uncovered glass between the edge of the screen protector and the actual glass edge; and then they make another (the realook "3d" screen protector for the note ii) that's molded to actually wrap over the rounded edge of the note ii's glass, and "hang" down over it, so to speak, to make the protector's edge come closer to the case's bezel, and causing it to completely cover the glass and its rounded edge.with most tpu cases, the tpu sides wrap up and over onto the face of the glass; and with totally flat screen protectors which leave a half millimeter or so between the screen protector edge and the bezel, that's fine.  the tpu case actually ends-up covering that edge and make it look like the screen protector is covering the entire glass.  but with the  realook "3d" style screen protector that wraps over the edge, that other kind -- the most common kind -- of tpu case can cause the edges and corners of the 3d screen protector to curl or pull up.this boxwave tuxedo suitup case is magnificently shaped so that its edge around the glass protrudes up higher than the plane of the glass, so that if the phone is laid on its face (on its glass sreen), the glass doesn't touch because it's being held a millimeter or so up off the table or desk.  but it gets better:  that edge "respects" the rounded edge of the note ii's glass, and doesn't try to wrap up over onto and cover it.  therefore, the realook 3d screen protector's edges and corners remain intact and look beautiful.this is a very special tpu case... different from most others... and the only kind you can have, actually, if you use either a wet- or dry-apply screen protector whose edges go either all the way to, or over the edge of, the note ii's glass.seriously, this thing is precision... someone really took a moment to figure out how best to cover the unusual note ii... and got it perfect!the only thing i wish it had was a matte finish back so that it wouldn't show such fingerprints.  the tpu cases out there that are called "s-style" or "s-series" tpu cases have matte finish on one side of the "s" shape on the case's back, and a shiny finish (like this case has everywhere) on the other side of the "s" shape on the case's back.  the entire back of this boxwave tuxedo suitup should be the kind of matte finish that's on those "s" cases, in my opinion; or there should at least be an option to get it either way.sadly, those "s" series or style cases are of the type whose side wrap all the way up and over onto and touching the glass, and on the note ii, that doesn't work well with most screen protectors. plus, many of those "s" style or series cases have uncovered power and volume rocker buttons. most of them also leave too much phone uncovered around the camera and flash... none of which are problems with this boxwave tuxedo suitup; and so for me, at least, it's worth it to just endure its shiny, fingerprint-showing surface.great case!  best-of-breed, at least among cases that don't cause the edges and corners of screen protectors to curl-up and pull-up.  if one is not using a "3d" type of screen protector from realook, though; if one is using realook's other screen protector that attaches to just the flat part of the note ii's screen, then any of the other tpu cases for the note ii would be fine (as long as they cover the power and volume rocker buttons); but the thing is that few of them are made as nicely as this one. seriously, this one is made very, very well... very precise. i just love it!gregg l. deselmsnapa, california usagregg at greggdeselms dot com
i returned it because it came dented.  i like it , wish i could have used it.  they said i got the last one.
nice, looks with good & durable quality & price wise as well. really works as described...for my samsung note 2. i do buy accessories online now...more way cheaper & find it no difference from what's on the store which are very expensive.
does what it needs to do at an excellent price.  fits well, seems rigid enough to prevent some damage, and the kickstand is a nice touch.  i don't know how well the kickstand will hold up over time, but works well.  the ridge around the front allows me to put the phone face down without it touching a table.  the case is pretty compact and still fits into the smart dock, although it prevents hdmi from registering.  so it charges and goes into dock mode, but doesn't seem to sit down far enough to engage the hdmi.
bought this for my daughter  for her phone and she loves it.  solid case and easily cleaned with soap and water.
a little thick but protects well and the kickstand is stronger than other cases i've tried.the thicker corners also make it harder to slide into my car dock.
the boxwave case i bought for my note ii (bodysuit) has disappeared from amazon. this is the same case but with a uniform glossy texture.  i had a boxwave case for my note i and it was great.  this new case is even better.  it is thinner and more streamlined, and the buttons work even better.  this doesn't have cutouts for the buttons, instead it has well-designed buttons of its own molded into the case that push on the phone's buttons.  i like this because the buttons work just as well but they are protected at the same time from crud/damage.  cutouts for the ports/mics/camera/stylus are placed perfectly and sized appropriately. lastly, this case is made from tpu, which is the best case material in my opinion.  it's firmer so it stays on the phone better than the soft silicone cases and does not pick up lint or stick to your pocket, while still offering some cushion when you drop it.
i got the product very fast and it looks and feels great one the phone. however it did interfere with my cellular signal and brought my bars down from 3 to 1 and sometimes none. i started dropping calls and the people on the other line said i was fading in and out when i was able to talk to someone. i took the cover off my note 2 and my bars popped back up to 3 and i had no problems with phone calls anymore. i tried it again to make sure it was the cover, and sure enough it did the same thing as before. i had my partner try it as he has the same kind of phone and it did the same thing to his note 2. so i had to return the case for a refund. it is disappointing because it was a great looking case.
fits perfect, nice clean look, i am going to buy another one to leave it inside my car just in case.
i love the way this case looks and feels. but i wish the buttons were a little more tactile and the side hugged the phone a bit more. otherwise i feel quite confident in the protection and the kickstand.
this is a regular case, fit, i believe it's not pretty at all but neither bulky and the protection it's intermediate .
this cover is very nice, it looks expensive. well built, and built to last. i recommend this cover.  get it
the cover fits properly leaving all the necessary openings available for easy access.  it keeps the screen lifted off the surface when the phone is put face down.  overall, it does all what i need it to do.  operating the power and volume buttons is a little awkward as it is hard to find the buttons by feel.  i would recommend this product for anyone looking for basic protection.
not a very well made case, thought it would be of better quaility, hard to tell from just looking at it on the site.
i've bought several hard cases for my note2 and this one is my favorite. it's easy to put on and take off (once you figure it out). i don't drop my phone usually so i can't say how it will do if you drop it but it only covers the back and the sides. it's a one piece hard case which i really like.
i'm very pleased with this case. one piece that slips on fairly easily. it's not real grippy like some but has enough grab that you can hold onto it. goes in and out of my holder and pocket easy enough. the stand on the back works great! when the stand is closed it's flush with the back of the case so it lays flat. some cases, with stands, have hinges and parts that sick out. the blue is nice and true to on line image. i really like it. the price is amazing!
flawless fit, materials and looks. mixing clear and frosted materials looks really cool. adds almost nothing to the width, thickness and weight. volume buttons a little hit and miss though if you're not looking at the phone while trying to raise/lower the volume. would have been really flawless if it had click-able volume and power buttons.
nice looking case.  very inexpensive and seems to fit very well.  excellent value and it feels good in hand.  a little softer than i like and therefore most likely prone to losing it's shape/tightness over time.
this is a good, inexpensive case. i use a case to make the phone less slippery so i won't drop it, and this one does a decent job.
i searched online for a case for my new samsung galaxy note ii, and decided on this product with it's cool design. it has provided sufficient protection and i especially like the grip-ability on the sides.
i always buy boxwave cases for my phones, because they are well made, practical, comfortable and good looking. this time i am disappointed, the cuts for camera with flash, s-pen, speaker and microphones are too big and it looks ugly. plus because the s-pen is in the corner of the phone and the cut for it really big, it doesn't provide good protection at this corner. what if the phone falls on this corner?
great design and protected my phone really well from droppings. my one year old dropped it all the time and no problem. but the big problem is that it's stained. i don't know why i only put my phone in my purse, not my jeans pockets but it got all blue-ish note
i bought two of these, one for me and one for my girlfriend.  she likes going out without a purse or wallet, but would like to hold her id and credit card on her, and she does manage to fit both cards in this case, but it is a very tight fit.i use my case to hold my id card for work.  it is an rfid card that we use to badge in and out of the building.  i always have my phone on me and therefore, always have my work badge on me as well.  the case is very low profile and holds up pretty well.  it doesn't offer a ton of front or top/bottom protection, but if you're looking for a case to take out to the bar, or something to hold a credit card/id, this works great!
this product was pretty inexpensive so i had no expectations. when i received it i quickly noticed how flimsy the plastic was. you can probably fit 2 credit cards top. might be a good case for nights out, but probably wont protect your phone much. i ended up tossing it because it was too flimsy.
the case took almost a week to arrive. you buy a cheap case, you're going to get cheap case quality. stay away. the inside of the case that contacts the phone is not smooth at all. will scratch your phone. looks as if someone dropped it in dirt. could not clean whatever gunk was on the case. thank god it didn't scratch the aluminium on the case. a credit card didn't even slide all the way down into the case. good luck trying to fit two in there. spend your money else where.
the phone does not fit into this junky case properly.  completely worthless and just a money grab by the seller.  it was cheap with the coupon code because it doesn't fit!  i tossed this case is in the trash where it belongs.  i realize purchasing a cheap case is a gamble, but i never expected it be so bad that it doesn't even fit the phone. completely useless.
as always with these types of case you get what you pay for but at this price, you can buy several and change them out and have something different almost weekly
its a worst product i have ever seen by motorola. it charges my phone but i have to hold the jack that goes into phone, and also have to drive at same time.i bought belkin's similar product from walmart for $10 and it rocks.
i purchased this item sold directly from amazon...it is as "genuine motorola" as it gets...it works perfectly...at&t; wanted $29.00..amazon wanted $8.38...beware of some other sellers!!as their items are not genuine and ruin your battery if they even work at all!!
i purchased this charger to use with my motorola razr.  i already had one that is essentially identical, except my old phone (motorola v5510 has a different sytle adapter than the razr, which uses a 'mini-usb'.this product is inexpensive, does exactly what it says, which is charges the phone in a car using the auto's power/cigarette outlet, and it comes with a cute little motorola 'm' insignia which lights up bloue during use.  at such a low price - i paid less than $9 on amazon - there's really no reason to buy a non-oem charger.
i was happy with the service and the product was exactly what the description stated! would by here again!
i got this because it was good price and its works as intended. not much can be said, it&#8217;s a car charger.
the charger came in original pack from motorola, the blue light is a plus.amazon as always did a great job,( i ordered on friday, and put my hands on it on tuesday).the cord is a little bit short,but i use bluetooth, so no a big issue.
works fine. you plug it in and the phone gets power. what else would it do?
bought one like it at radio shack and believe me this cheaper product is ten times better than their [$...] dollar piece of crap. will buy more from this vender whenever i need a charger
very nice adapter.  it appears to be very well constructed and has a cool lighted blue motorola "m" when plugged in.  much better construction than other cigarette lighter adapters that i have owned.  oh, and it charges my phone ;)
great deal.  motorola all the way.  could not touch the same unit for 3x more.
i bought this product after reading several reviews on several chargers. it works great on my razr v3 and also works on a friends motorola w315...i like the fact that the coiled cord is not as long as on some of the other chargers, and that the m lights up so i can tell when its working. i find it easier to use for these reasons. this idem was cheaper than the aftermarket model offered at wal- mart even after paying shipping and the quality is far better.
this is no imitation. i bought a knock off because it was $15 vs. $30 locally. the knock off died in a month. i saw this, at this price, and figured i had little to lose. it charges my cell phone quickly, and does not heat up. interestingly, the phone does not get hot either, as it did with the first charger i had that came with the phone, as well as the knock off. it is great, and so cheap, i should have (will) buy more. this is a no brainer. it is reliable and works better than what i have had. not much more i can say.
the product is just what i expected, the shipping took longer than expected but there was no problem with it.
very easy to utilize to charge phones during trips., enough cord to hold the phone while still attached to the charger
had my doubts about ordering an item like this on the internet but after receipt of the item, i found it works great.
there will be no better deal found than this for an oem brand name charger. completely recommended. i have purchased them in batches of 10 for my workplace.
5 stars... excellent device. it does the job and it is well built.
this is the original motorola car charger and is the only one you should consider. it works well and seems to have good protection so that you can start your car with it plugged in without frying your phone or the charger itself.the motorola logo on the end of it lights up when it's plugged in, which looks very cool especially at night. i was pleasantly surprised by this as well as the performance and build quaility.i can't vouch for the company shipping it out promptly since mine was included as part of my razr phone bundle but i would recommend this charger to anyone with a razr or pble phone.
i bought one of these and the second time i plugged it in the light on the end went out and it stopped working! this thing is junk, there is no way to replace the fuse (if there is one) without destroying it. i tried to take it apart, but you can't without breaking it. if this is a genuine motorola product its a stupid design. now do i break it open and hope i can get it back together or toss it??? i have never had a problem with a car charger in the 10+ years i have owned a cell phone, that should tell you something! how do you screw one up?! you hire the idiot who designed this one thats how!
get it. pay a little more and get this. dont buy those cheap stuff with low voltage. it will take forever to charge your phones and other..
as a long time user of walmart earbuds, this was a big step up in quality without the big step in price.  if your looking for a practical headset, this is the one.
for a corded headset solution, this headset is excellent.  i use it with my krzr.  sound quality is more than loud enough and quality is excellent.  one of the main issues i had was that i always have the air vents going in my vehicles.  in the past, people on the other end of my calls always complained about wind noise, with this headset that isn't an issue anymore.  additionally, the headset is very comfortable to wear.there is only one item to be careful of.  when i first tried the unit i didn't realize that there was a mute function on the control cord.  as a result i called a particular person a few times and they couldn't hear me.  finally, i figured out what was going on.  of course it was user error.  oh well.i would highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for one.
i had a plantronics tranditional headphone mx110 before, and i really like the comfort and sound quality of the product.  so, i try this new mx505.although i am very impress by the sound quality and unique design, it doesn't fit me too well.  let me summarize the pros and cons first:pro:sound qualitydesign fit almost every ear type: the grey area on the ear piece is actually, soft plastic.  it makes it very easy to adjust and fairly comfortable to wear.it comes with a spare voice tubesvolumn adjustable controlcon:the cord is a little short for me, and it is around 8 cm shorter than my old mx110.  i prefer to put the phone on a further distance when i use the phone.  so, it won't bother me when i work.  if the cord is at least 30 cm or 50cm longer, it would be great.the  design doesn't fit me well... or it wouldn't wear for long comfortably.  the main reason is that it is "soft" plastic, not cushioned like the mx110.  yes, it is able to clip onto the ear much better than other design.  i still feel the "clip plain" after wearing it for 10 min.  it is not a very painful feeling, just not very comfortable.the volumn control is good, but the build quality is not.  it uses rather cheap or thin plastic shell.  additionally, the "mute" button is not the "soft push" eletonic type.  it is the older switch design type, which you push to the right is "mute" and push to the left is "unmute".  it is rather chessy to me.my main suggestion to plantronic is that, please add the cushion on the "ear clip".  secondly, please either take out the volumn control or improve it or offer longer cord.  i mean, if the cord is not long enough, why do you need a volumn control?
this is the 8th headset i have tried. most of the ones i have purchased work very well with a cell phone, but not so good on a cordless phone. same with this set... very comfortable to wear. i can hear those i call really well. those that i call need to be able to hear me too! the volume on this mic is better than most i have tried, but is still low. if you are talking to clients on the phone all day, this is important. i have a good panasonic cordless phone and have yet to find a headset to use with it that has a strong volume. still looking.
sound quality is pretty good.  the wind "technology" is not bad.  stong winds, blowing sand etc,  is going to get heard with this.  but for the price it is comfortable.  for someone who has to buy special adapters to get blue tooth devices to stay in my ear i am impressed with this.  i wish it had a call end button on the thing.  but the mute button is great.  i would buy this again.  and i like it almost as much as my jawbone.  paring is not an issue with wired devices.....  ;)
omg this has got to be the smallest piece of junk i have ever paid for :) really this charger died 2 weeks after i pluged it into my car.the charger itself is made of cheap plastic,light weight and just down right worthless. the 2 weeks i had it pluged in,it never gave my phone a full charge,i drove 63 miles with it pluged into my phone and yet still did not fully charge it.guess you get what you pay for.so if you want more,then you'll have to pay more.
i like how it just barely sticks out from the cigarette plug on my passat, so i can close the cover when i don't have my phone chord plugged in.even on the 2.1 port, the charger cannot keep up with an iphone 5s. with every thing off on the iphone (air plane mode, screen off, etc), it gave a 15% charge in 2 hours. that's 7.5% per hour.when using waze gps the charge drops from 100% to 90% in 10 minutes.i would not recommend this charger.
bought a couple of this for my wife's ipad cause it wont charge on the regular usb port in my car. this worked great.
use this in my truck and its been working very well!  i would definitely recommend. its also very compact, so i can take w/me when i go to another vehicle.
i can have this plugged in from atlanta to greensboro and the phone isn't much more charged than when i started.  but the phone doesn't die, either.
its nice to have a back up charger and also have it at home and work. you never know when you will need a charge n this one works great
used for 1 month before it broke - also not 2.1 amps  - both usb slots do not produce enough current for sgs4
works great... not much to say about these things.. does its job.  i need more words for this review to go through.. oh there i am..
i have bought many products from boxwave and have never been disappointed. their products are excellent quality and at a great price. i would highly recommend this product.
small little charger, works as advertised, i've used it daily for 6 months with no problems.  just what i've come to expect from boxwave.  glad i bought it.
it works and has a low profile so that i can close the cigarette lighter door when it's not in use - two things i like.  my android phone warns me to use the (verizon) charger that came with the phone or charging will be very slow.  this may just be intrusive marketing by verizon because the charger seems to work as well as any other and it keeps the phone charged when using it for gps directions.  i have not used it for a tablet or ipad which requires more juice.
this charger works great with my galaxy s3. when its plugged in it takes up very little room and doesnt stick out of the accessory slot but about a quarter inch.  charges pretty fast also...
i heard about these on twit.tv / macbreak weekly. they gave it high praise so i picked up a few. i now have them in all cars and they work fantastic. two ports, one high amp one normal and a small for factor make this a winner.
this one has lasted quite a while and is priced reasonably. it's low-profile and reliable.use just one port for the full 2 amps if you need to charge a tablet.
there are better chargers out there but i like the feature of having the dual charger outputs with one fast charger.  my wife and i grab this charger anytime we travel.  it works in the car and at home.
product quality of this item is very, very poor.  after charging my phone for 15 minutes the charger began to overheat and the charge on my phone started to fail.  had to return this item for refund.
price wise, i recommend it. buying it on the store is twice as much. the size is perfect, not blocking or protruding like my old one which is longer.
put in my car, and i find i want to charge my phone more now.  didn't know i needed it until i have one.  no complaints.  shipped on time.
i like the small profile for this charger, but as with all the usb cable chargers i've tried it seems to charge somewhat slowly.  trying to run the gps navigation while charging it will still slowly drain the phone.  it seems the dedicated car chargers (with no usb port) seem to charger much faster.
this is an exceptionally versatile charge that works in a car or in any country on the planet with slide on wall plug adapters and voltage regulating circuitry. the 2 usb ports quickly charge devices and the unit itself is rugged and light-weight.
the only thing i did not like about the charger is that only one of the plus is 2.1amp the other is only one amp is unable to charge any of my devices. i will be looking for a stronger one.
i've never tried to charge both at the same time, but individually it charges both quite well.  high amp for the ipad, low amp for the iphone.  great for travel.
my car has a dc power port in the center console and only about 1.25 inches of space for the cable.  this unit fits perfectly and the cable has room to spare.this is a rapid charging unit and works great for power hungry devices.
i have a hisense sero 7 pro tablet and a nexus 4.  i took it on a trip from north missouri all the way down to lawton, ok and it was able to keep both charged at 100% -- the tablet was tackling navigation and pandora duties while the n4 was handling phone and hotspot.if i needed another, i'd not hesitate to purchase one of these again!
out of all the chargers i have bought, this one has been the best! it charges my wife & i phones simulataneously without a hitch! it manages to keep charging both while doing gps draining apps in and the screens on! which others can't seem to do.
i love my kindle fire, but i hate the micro plug.when plugging in a charger cord, i find that sometimes it doesn't recognize that the plug is in and sometimes i have to jiggle it a little to get the charging box to turn green to show that it is, in fact, charging. i cannot stand the a/c wall charger that came with the fire. it is ridiculously short making it very difficult to find a place to charge it safely and i have purchased several of these cords since last christmas and a majority work for a while and then break or don't work at all. sometimes it is hit or miss and then sometimes a cord charges and then sometimes it acts up and refuses to charge. i have the same plug on my samsung stratosphere and i don't seem to have the same problem.with this cord the part that plugs into the fire virtually fell apart. i don't care how much you pay for one of these type of cord, they should all work. when i started using it, this cord "appeared" on my visual inspection to be well made, but i guess looks are deceiving. the cord, of course, fell apart after the return date so i'm stuck.i really don't recommend this cord. i realize that it could be just a single defective one,but, of the three other reviews, only one person out of four of us recommended this cord. so just beware.
when i bought these, i thought they'd fast charge a samsung galaxy note 2, but they don't.  they will slow charge.  i have tried multiple cables, including the original samsung cable which allows for a fast charge, but found this didn't help.  somewhere i read that they have to be specially configured to fast charge a samsung device or otherwise they'll charge slowly despite which port of the charger you use.
this product looks bad with its odd structure however it performs very well and was a big hit with a colleague's trip to china. i plan to buy one for myself soon.
this charges my ipad 3 and my iphone 4s without a hitch.  i don't know why others are having issues.  but it works so well, i got a second one to keep in my folks' van too for when i ride with them.  no complaints.  i tried both ports and the ipad shows the charging indicator in both.
love that you can use the same cable to charge my phone in the house as in the car! best little car charger device i have seen and used! it is so small, you can't even tell it's there.
i ordered this for my husband and one for myself in white. we are both satisfied with product. he uses it regularly.
this car charger has helped me out alot.  i can charge dual items at one time.this to me was a great purchase.
it didn't fit properly in my 2013 sonata. i tend to think it's a design flaw of the car unit more than the charger itself. it seems to work just fine in my friend's 2013 maxima -- so i gave it to her :)
this adapter is well worth it. it is very small light and decently built the two ports power up well and charge my device perfectly.
i purchased this dual car charger to replace apowergen dual usb 3.1a 15w high output car charger. the powergen charger is a little large for the inconvenient location of the accessory port in my toyota scion xd, and so i liked the low profile of this charger. however, from the reviews, i got the impression that this charger would not charge an android phone at high capacity. so i also purchased ausb charging cablewhose pin configuration is setup to trick an android phone to charge in 1a "ac" mode. sadly, the cable i received appears to be a standard usb data cable. however, to my surprise, the "iphone / ipod" port (the top port) triggers the "ac" charging mode of my samsung galaxy nexus android phone. so in that case, i don't need any special cable. i can use the top port for my device, and my wife's iphone charges in the bottom "ipad / ipad2" port.this charger extends itself about 0.25 inches (6 mm) out of the accessory port. it's much more compact than the powergen (which also has apple and android ports), but there are a few dual chargers that are a little shorter. in our car, the powergen has a problem that it sometimes doesn't fit well in the port and a connection isn't made without re-seating it. we were surprised by this, because the nearly identicalmediabridge high output dual usb car charger(which only is high capacity for apple devices) has no trouble fitting in our car. sadly, this boxwave charger also sometimes loses connection and we have to re-seat it.for now, i'm happy with the device. it charges my android phone in "ac" mode and appears to charge my wife's iphone. it is relatively low profile (our cups in the adjacent cupholders don't seem to bump into it so much), and it feels like a sturdy device. i just hope it is able to maintain a reliable connection over time.
i had a previous version of this product a few years ago. it lasted for about two year until a capacitor blew out. you could see it through the translucent case. i like the previous version. this one not so much.the ac prongs do not fold in so they are in the way when being used in a lighter outlet or stored in a pocket or computer back.it's larger than the combination of some separate ac only and 12v only chargers i have, so there is no space savings.when connected to my ipad or my razr maxx, the screen keyboard malfunctions. spurious and random characters are generated when the screen is touched instead of the keys that should be detected. unplugging the cable immediately stops this problem.i contacted boxwave and they did send me a return shipping label. i have not gotten around to returning the charger yet. i dont know if this is a design issue or if i just got a bad unit. but the first two issues are reasons i would not recommend these even if the malfunction is just a bad unit.
i was impressed with how small this is compared to others on the market. it charges fast and is holding up well.
this is the second care charger i've had in as many years. having two usb ports is a plus when you have more than one device which needles a charge. i find this handy car charger indispensable in my work!
bought this to use in our brand new 2014 nissan altima.  from the first time we plugged it in, it only worked if we jiggled it just right. definitely not a 2.0 amp charger either.  will spend the extra dough to get one directly from the t-mobile retailer. not worth the return shipping cost for a refund.  only buy this if you feel like donating some money to a foreign company in asia, just for fun.
update: 18 march 2014after having the case for a week, i absolutely love it! it hasn't broken, however it has broken in nicely and is very comfortable to use. cards are held securely and the pocket is just deep enough for bills folded in half. plus, it is very stylish. i have received several compliments and questions regarding where they can get their own. my only complaint is that access to the volume buttons is restricted (i use them for skipping music tracks while i'm driving so that i don't have to turn the screen on).original: 11 march 2014i've only had the case on the phone for a couple hours, but i thought i would give you an update of what works. when i put the phone in the case, it came out almost immediately. solution: take the back cover off the phone then put it in the case. it holds it much more securely and now i don't have to worry about it. the case itself seems well made and thicker than i had hoped, but hopefully that will protect the phone well. the one thing i am worried about is how thin the plastic is that holds the phone in the case. i'll give an update if it breaks or chips like many other reviewers, but until then, great case.
the smell, the smell, oh my god, the smell!!!!!! ok i had read the other reviews and i thought, &#34;how bad could it be&#34;.... can you say brainbusting headache bad!!!!, i had to leave it in front of an air purifier for days!!! and it still had the aroma of a toxic waste dump... but in all seriousness the smell went away after about 7 to 10 days, &#34;or i just got used to it, lol,&#34; and it has made one of the best  ipad mini cases i have ever used... and i have used about 100..
i liked this case a lot until the plastic shell started cracking after owning it for one month. unfortunately, when you buy it through amazon, boxwave would not provide a replacement because i had purchased through amazon and not directly through them. i liked it a lot but it is now unusable.
this case looks *fantastic*, seriously. it's easily one of the classiest, most beautiful cases i've ever owned for a phone. the leather is great, it feels comfortable, it's just a seriously awesome case.the problem is, i want to use it as a basic wallet as well, and it fails miserably at that. the entire case is so tight you can hardly fit your cards in (i only want 3 cards and my drivers license. the fit is so tight you can barely get them in, once you do, the case doesn't close very well over the phone.i guess i could go back to a wallet, but i really didn't want to do that. i wanted to use this as a "pick up my phone and my car keys and go" arrangement. no more fumbling for wallet, but this cannot fit that bill. this case would have been far better off leaving all the extra storage out, and letting it close nicely. overall, this case is wasted for me, just doesn't cut it, even though i so badly wanted it to.
i was unsure about this case, as i text a lot, and thought it might add too much for just sending a quick text.  but this has not been the case.  it holds 2 cards, an id, and a small amount of paper money, but not much.  its not enough to replace your wallet, but enough that i was able to replace my wallet with it.  if this style of case is what your looking for, then this is the case to buy.  it feels like its of a high quality, leather has worn well so far, phone does not slip out, does a good job of protecting the screen.  the only negative i can see is that the leather oils tend to build up on the screen and need occasionally wiping off, but this is a minor issue that comes with the full leather case territory.
given that this is half the price of twelve south's bookbook case for iphone 5, i expected to get a cheap imitation here.i think it's fair to say this is a twelve south imitation, but it's a close copy of their iphone 4/4s bookbook style of case, not their iphone 5 bookbook case. (the new twelve south iphone 5 bookbook case has a clip to secure the iphone 5, rather than sliding the phone into the leather holster and securing with the tab at the top.) personally, i loved the twelve-south's bookbook case for iphone 4/4s, but didn't like the new twelve-south bookbook case for iphone 5 and i returned mine - it looked cheaply made, it was an extremely tight, awkward fit getting the phone into the clip and the case had large remnants of glue coming out of the over-sized piece of plastic they decided to stick in the (rather enormous) hole they cut for the camera.  this product is better quality than the twelve south product.  it certainly looks and feels like real leather, although i suspect it may not be (based on its smell).  if it turns out to be imitation leather, that would just be a bonus for me, because i'm mostly vegetarian anyway :-)  if this were the same price as the twelve south bookbook case for iphone 5, i would still prefer this boxwave case.
it is not leather, and its smell is atrocious. however, if you're okay with leatherette, it does have some nice pockets inside and it's relatively thin/lightweight.i'd avoid this seller though (boxwave corp). shipping is $5 and you will pay to return the item to them. for me, it was a total waste of money as the shipping costs alone are likely far more than the product is worth. i paid $30 for the case, $5 for shipping to me. i'll be sending it flat rate back. bear mountain cases are better, real leather, and cost less (about $20 for the ipad mini).
i bought this for my father who uses a nexus 4. the case looks and feels really nice and generally works well. however, there is one significant problem - the inside leather leaves an oily residue on the phone when closed. suede and leather do need to have some oil retained to keep them in good condition, and while this makes the material look and feel wonderful to the touch, it is a bit of a problem when it comes to these kinds of electronics. the genuine leather on the outside is nice, but i think a synthetic inner lining may be more appropriate for this type of thing.
i like the case but i wasn&#8217;t thinking when i bought this case.  i normally carry my nexus 4 in my pocket and this book cover case is kind of bulky making it very uncomfortable to carry in my pocket.  other than that, the case is very stylish and unique,  i get a lot of complements for this case.
i like the case. it is as described and looks like an note book. if you are interested in that look then it is best. only one thing i dont like. it is that it does not stand horizontal only vertical, other than that  very good product quality.
i love the case and it came 2 days early but there is some gripes i have. first of all there is a strong chemical smell as if the case was just freshly stained and second i had to remove the back of my galaxy s3 phone in order to get it to fit in the new case. and ive had it and been using it for 3-4 hours now and the smell is all through my house. it makes my throat hurt and im coughing so im going to leave the case outside for a couple of days and see if the smell goes away. i hope it does because i really wanted to use that case.i will update in a few days. if anyone has any suggestions on how to make the smell go away please let me know.update: ok i left the case outside for 24 hours and it seems to be ok now. but i still have to remove the back of my phone for it to fit. my phone is the galaxy s3 sgh-i747
this is a great case for the samsung galaxy s3 and boxwave does a great job in making a quality classy durable product.  i love that it incorporates my wallet with my phone so that they are together instead of having to carry it separate.  it provides access to all the buttons, camera, charge slots, speakers and it makes it look not so obvious when it is closed.  many people often mistake it for a journal, calendar, bible, etc.  i also like that it protects my screen in the closed position.  a great product.
want to basically eliminate your issues with holding this device in a secure way while maintaining the total coolness of it?this may be just what you were looking for. seems to be actual leather unlike many similar cases that claim to be leather and are actually plastic. so if you wear skinny jeans and tend to keep the phone shoved in a pocket, this is not for you. but if you carry it elsewhere and are not concerned with combining your phone with some essential bits of your wallet, this is really really nice. if you tend to travel in a car and wind up carrying both the phone and your wallet into places to eat. this allows you to get three basic things out of the wallet and eliminate the need to carry two into the restaurant.it makes holding onto the phone less complicated by a factor of a googol. particularly in landscape.the material (seems to be leather) is impregnated with a serious amount of oil so when you close the lid, it leaves a mark on the face of the phone. the simple solution to this is to get a paper index card, fold it at the red line on the top and shove the little folded bit in to the slot behind the cards. not only do you then have the &#34;old way&#34; to fall back on if you need to actually write anything down )or have someone write something down for you(, but you add a perfect layer of weightless scratch proof protection to your ever so fragile nexus 4 screen.for less than what you might pay for the 'official' bumper....no brainer.
this classic book iphone case is flimsy and the cover will not remain closed. not good protection for an iphone.
i am overall pleased with this case - although i have only had the case for slightly over 2 weeks. i can't comment on the long-term durability, but the construction seems to be very good. i previously had the 12 south case for a phone-i 4s, and that was fine for more than a year. it did show some wear, but i expect that of any case.one reviewer commented on the plastic holder, and i do see their point; it is a bit thin. so far (after having the phone in and out maybe 2 dozen times) i have not had a problem. i have very carefully removed and inserted the phone and have not had an issue so far.the quality of the main leather is nice, and the microfiber interior is also nice. the back of the case appear to be a bit lower quality of leather (as was the 12 south product) but is completely on par with the 12 south quality, me thinks.time will tell, of course.... so far, happy with the case.
let's start off with the fact that this is a well made case and fit my nexus 4 flawlessly. the workmanship was good and after an initial breakin period that lessened the oil seepage and the smell i was very pleased with the feel. i used this for about two months before switching and had almost no wear or other issues. i tend to carry very small wallets and had hoped to use this product to combine the wallet and the phone into one convenient package.but still, it just didn't work out. it was awkward to hold while making phone calls because of the large "spine" on the case and i'm old school in that i actually talk on the phone. and the "wallet" portion wasn't quite up to snuff. by the time i put my driver's license in there (an exceptionally tight fit on the windowed part of the case and i was almost not able to remove it later) and a couple of credit cards it was actually too thick to keep in any pocket comfortably. the "covers" of the case are very thick while they protect the phone and contents, two of them are too much when combined with the thickness of my thin nexus 4 and a couple of credit cards. i tried keeping it in a hammer pocket in my carpenter's jeans and in some cargo pants, but it was too high to fit well into those pockets.i really like the concept of this thing, but it just didn't do what i hoped it would.
this case is great quality and nice grey color. i have only had it one day so no long term review yet.
i've previously owned a multitude of headsets, but let me tell you i was missing out until i bought a jabra.i always thought the "in the ear" bud and bulky-looking design would be uncomfortable, but it was not.  frankly it is the the most comfortable headset i have ever worn, and i've worn dozens.  i truly forget it is on my head.as for sound quality, everything i hear is clear, with ample volume available.  people i speak to report equally clear sound without much, if any background noise.battery life is great and range is sufficient for me to put my smartphone on the cradle and walk around the house or the office without any signal loss or crackling.something else i liked was the belt clip.  so many headsets overlook the fact that you have nowhere to put your earpiece when you're not using it.  the belt clip is small, just big enough to actually hold the headset, and tucks in right behind the clip for my phone.if you're not a clip-loving person, the whole headset has an almost flat profile so it fits nicely in a pocket.  other headsets, especially those with flip-out mics feel awfully bulbous in a pocket.one last little "gee whiz" feature- the vibro-alert.  since i want my phone on the charge/sync cradle whenever possible, this feature really excites me.  instead of being required to actually wear the headset at all times to avoid missing a call when the phone is in the other room, this headset has a vibrate feature to notify me of an incoming call.  i call this a "gee whiz" feature because i never knew i needed it until i had it!in summary, there are an awful lot of headsets out there.  all of the designs and features can be confusing, but you can rest assured knowing that this headset has everything you need (and some things you may not!) and does so at a very reasonable price.
i used the motorola h500 before and the sound clarity is not as good as the jabra bt250v. so i bought this product june 30 to replace my h500. received it july 11th. the person in the other end of the line noticed that i sounded clearer and louder. used it while driving to test sound clarity and it passed. my jabra250v was just used for minutes of light usage (3 hours max in 7 days), but the headphone stopped working august 15. the person on the other line can hear me fine, but i don't hear anything from the headset. i asked amazon for a refund or replacement, but al from from customer service emailed me this, "unfortunately, more than 30 days have passed since you received this item, and we are not able to provide a replacement. our return policy states that within 30 days of delivery of your order, you may return any merchandise in new condition, with the original packaging and accessories, or any defective merchandise, for a full a refund or replacement. " fair enough.he gave me a phone number to the jabra corporation: 619-622-0764&lt;---this number does not work. so i had to go to the jabra website and ask them for a replacement and or refund. as of august 17 12:54am est, i have not heard anything from the company.this could be an isolated case. and for a good brand name like jabra, i hope it is. but it sucks when you get a faulty piece of equipment. i hope you have a better experience with this product than what i have experienced. just do know that this product is not free from possible defects.
i got one for myself and one for my husband.  the sound quality was good on either end, whether i was using it or i was on a landline talking to my husband while he was using it.  he loves it.  i gave mine to a friend.  i have smaller ears so the headset does not fit me.  if the ear piece going right into my ear the way it should, the headset rests above the top of the ear and falls off.  if i get it to rest on the top of my ear so it is on securely, the length going to the end of the earpiece is too long and extends below where it is supposed to fit into the ear.  hubby likes his, back to square one for me.  those with small ears, you might want to find a different style headset
after trying the motorola hs 810 which would feel like it was always falling off or falling off, i tried several bluetooth headsets at the sprint and cingular stores. other than the jabra, they were all the same, they had a loop that you hook onto your ear, so they did not fit.this is the only one headset that would properly wrap around my ear and because the ear piece goes into the ear canal, stay anchored. sound quality is great. the hs 810 would not hold a charge very long. so far so good with this jabra --- it holds a charge while the motorola needed to be charged all of the time.i like the vibrating feature when the phone ringer is turned off --- no need to share all that noise. as i am on call or expecting calls often when i am out at dinner, this really makes it discreet rather than missing the call and playing telephone tag for awhile.sound quality is better than the motorola hs 810. jabra seems to work well for those who have small ears and their ear cells make it adjustable.if you don't need the vibrating feature, try the new jabra bt 500 which is an upgrade of the jabra bt 250, charging can be usb cable which is great as you will not have to take another charger on the trip!i also have the jabra sp500 which is a wireless speakerphone and it works great vs. the motorola speakerphone which i returned. the speakerphone power and power ac cords for the bt 250v are not compatible, so if you need to use both, you will need two charges, although they are small.
this is the best bluetooth device i've tried.  it is lightweight, comfortable, easy to set-up, good sound clarity and it is a very well made and sturdy device.  there aren't flimsy parts that can break.the best thing is that the ear peace is fairly inconspicuous as it sits over your ear.  i really don't want to look like janet jackson in her control video as i walk around town or the mall.the problem is in finding replacement ear gels.  they are not available on the jabra site or on any other site.  i ended up back at cingular (now at & t) and they gave me a couple that they had in a drawer.
after having replaced my 250 3 times at the verizon store i asked to be given the 250v instead of a 4th 250, they did and so far so good, i think jabra knew the 250 had some defects , each 250 i had died (stopped pairing) in about 2 months, the 250v seems to have no problems and works much better with my motorola v710.the fit is great, and the sound is good, could use better noise cancellation, but oh well, maybe in a future model. but overall , i like the 250v. i recommend it to anyone. just roll your windows up if your driving, or you wont be heard by the other end of your call.
this is the best bluetooth headset i've ever owned!  i've owned a sony and plantronics previously.sound quality as well as volume is clear for both myself and the person on the other line.  and it looks great...not as bulky as the "over the ear" headsets.one "negative" that i've noticed is the short range.  if my phone (sony ericsson t637) is more than an arm's length away, i hear a crackling noise.
perhaps i just got a bad one, but this thing won't consistently work 4 feet away from the phone, let alone the 30 they claim. it's a nice design, and if it worked i'd be very happy with it.update: i just got a new bt250v after amazon was kind enough to exchange my unit sight unseen (they even shipped out the new unit before i'd shipped back the bad one). unfortunately, while the new unit works somewhat better, it still doesn't work as well as it should. for example, there is noticeable popping (interference) if i put my phone in my pocket, even on the same side as the headset. i've tried many combinations of phone and headset, and the only time i have problem is with this headset, so i'm quite sure it's not an issue with my phone, or with bluetooth in general. (in fact, i've had far better luck with other jabra bt products.) so, the design is beautiful and the product is great when it works, but i've found that it fails when i really need it.final update: i chucked it. don't believe the breathless reviews about this. if you use this in everyday life--i.e. with the phone more than a few feet from your head--people on the other end will hear static. i got so sick of people asking me "what's that clicking sound?" that i threw the stupid thing away. i'm amazed people love this so much. they must be so floored by the idea of wireless technology they haven't actually tried using it for a real conversation, or they haven't actually tried to call another person. with two bad experiences with this company, that was the last jabra product i'll ever buy.
1st month, very good. 2nd month, dropping calls and no one can seem to hear me.  it was like i was not on a wireless bluetooth.  it was bad having to always disconnect this because everyone on the other line could not hear or understand me.  i replaced this after 2 months with the samsung wep and have had no problems.  not worth it.
i've used this earpiece as has my wife. we both liked it, when it worked, but after a short drop from the dashboard to the carpeted floor, it stopped working. i also think it's a bit large, in these days of ever smaller bluetooth devices.
i bought this headset at the same time as my verizon palm treo 650.  pairing was a snap, and it supported the hands free profile.  the call quality was great on both ends (however wind or car a/c caused people on the other end to have lower quality).  i only charged it twice - day one and one week later.  i used it for about a total of one to two hours a day on my commute.there was just one drawback, and it was a deal-breaker for me.  i wear glasses, and the bulk of the headset behind the ear made it very uncomfortable.  i returned the headset today after i had to end my call on the way home after 20 minutes.  if you don't wear glasses, this is an ideal bluetooth headset for the treo 650.
i bought this headset to work with my audiovox smt5600, not listed by jabra as compatible, but i took the chance anyway. the headset, which i purchased online, arrived with no instructions, but did include the charger, charger cord, belt hook, and several earbuds. a quick search online discovered the manual and pairing was accomplished shortly thereafter. all functions of the headset, including vibrating ring and voice dial, work with my phone. sound quality is generally excellent -- it's at least as good as the phone's earpiece. all bets are off if you're out in the wind or driving with the window down, precisely the same conditions under which you can't hear the phone's own earpiece either. external noise such as a crowded restaurant doesn't seem to be a problem for my combination of phone and headset. the short boom mike seems to be acceptable -- nobody has complained they can't hear me. in fact, i can talk pretty softly under most circumstances and be heard just fine. external noise such as a crowded restaurant doesn't seem to be a problem for my combination of phone and headset. the battery is advertised to last a long time and it does. i haven't measured any run-down times, but the headset needs to be charged less often than the phone, which with bluetooth on needs a charge every couple days. the headset is light and, for me, comfortable; after wearing it 12 hours a day for the first several days i forget it is there. the headset is reversable by the simple expedient of rotating the earbud. the dorsal sping of the headset contains one button and one rocker switch. because of the location of the switches they do not need reversing. the rocker controls volume up and down; the button combines on/off and answer/hang-up. press the button to answer or hangup, hold for about 5 seconds to turn off/on. my phone hangs up when the other party disconnects and conveniently, so does the headset. the headset slips into the charging cradle like a knife into a holster. an accessory clip attaches to the charging cradle so you can hang the cradle (unplugged, of course) on your belt or waistband to carry the headset when it's not being worn. with practice, the headset can be put on with one hand. there is no provision for charging in an automobile, which would be inconvenient were battery not so long-lasting. just pop the headset into the charger in the evening and you're good for the next day. on an extended trip the charging cord and cradle must accompany the traveler.  other than the lack of a car adapter, which can be remedied aftermarket, my only complaint is that the headset is somewhat wobbly on my ear and the ear bud occasionally works itself away from my ear canal. this is not always immediately apparent until a call is made/received. this is aggravaated by the fact that there is no way to adjust the headset, it being constructed of a plastic shell with a soft lining against the ear. even the flexible shaft holding the ear bud does not adjust side to side.  the headset is rated for up to 30 meters; this does not include walls or other obstructions. jabra recommends you wear the headset on the same side that you carry your phone. practice proves this. lack of adjustability aside, this is a good headset with outstanding battery life. it's available at a reasonable price and, thus far, no other headset has wooed me away.
first time i bought this to pair up with my jabra a210 bluetooth adapter.  worked fine, except that the vibrate feature won't work.  then i exchanged it for another one.  this time the vibrate works, but the call pickup button would not work.  it works for power up/power down.  but i can't pickup any incoming calls.  the button simply wouldn't work for that functionality.  i tried it with few phones and it doesn't work.  i already exchanged the jabra adapter once.  now i'm sick of exchanging it.  i think jabra has bad quality control.  someone in the quality control shd be fired!  everytime you exchange something, you run into a new problem.
the range on the headset was pathetic - maybe 2 or 3 feet from the phone to get a decent signal (which defeats the entire puprpose of a cordless headset imho).  otherwise, it was horrific - static, terrible sound quality, etc.  please do not waste money on that pos.  i swapped it out for the moto h850 and am much happier with that unit paired up with my motoe815.
bt250 and this newer bt250v are pure junk.  the sound quality on these two units are horrid, there are no other ways to describe it.  my friends and coworkers can identify these units remotely and asked that i do not speak to them using the bt250 or bt250v.  the microphone is sooooo sensitive and un-tuned, it is particularly unusable in cars or while walking.  the road noise or wind noise will over saturate your voice.  even under ideal quiet surrounding, normal speech will come out muddy and weak.  the battery life also shortens significantly during the  1 year warranty with moderate use.  the button on this unit doesn't help with usability.  with the earhook design, one would push the button in the direction perpendicular into the ear to activate the button, a task easily done with one finger and no pain.  however, this unit uses the behind the ear design, where you would have to use two fingers with a motion to pinch your earlobe to activate the button, it's truly an unpleasant experience.  in addition, the vibrate alert feature is just stupid and useless.  in most cases, one would be wearing this unit, so the audible ringing can be heard--why would you need it to vibrate???i truly advise against buying this unit.
i have several of these. i also have lots of bluetooth headsets. for those times where i can live with a wired headset (which is most of the time) i use this one. you can sit in a crowded restaurant and the person you are talking to thinks you are alone in a quiet office.brilliant design that every phone maker should license and build in to their handsets.it has two microphones, one facing your mouth and one facing out. they are cross-connected so any sound that comes through both sides is cancelled. only sound coming from your mouth is picked up.stays in your ear without the loop, and seals the ear canal so well that i actually have to turn down my volume.the earpiece is the same as the shure e2c consumer-grade in-ear monitor (which i also own). so you are essentially getting 1/2 of a $100+ in-ear monitor for your phone. that means excellent sound quality. when combined with the best noise cancelling i've ever used, i can say that this is the best kept secret in telephony.i use this on my cell phone and on my land-line phones. no one ever knows where i am or what kind of phone i'm on.highly recommended...
i've had this unit for about a year, it acts as an ear plug on the ear i'm wearing it on, and i can hear my caller even in strong winds. the audio quality is great. since the microphone sits directly in front of my mouth the caller can hear me just fine and many times they don't know i am in the car. since it's a wired unit, there are no batteries to charge and it's always ready to go. if you don't mind things in your ear this is a great head set.update: moved to an i-phone from my palm phone. i had to get a 2.5mm adapter to 3.5, the phone does not see the headset most of the time and won't route calls to it. same with blackberry curve. i hope sure will make a new model for these phones, i miss using it.
i was having trouble with wind noise in my convertible causing too much noise to hear phone conversations with normal over-the-ear headsets.  this headset has a soft rubber grommet which seals to the inside of the ear.  there are several grommet sizes to fit most ears.the seal prevents most wind noise and dramatically improves the perceived volume.the rubber piece is good for about 6 months before becoming hard.  2 of each size are provided.
shure's quietspot headset is the best headset on the market, period. the only problem with it is shure's coyness about how it works and why microphone placement is *absolutely crucial* when using it. once you understand that, you understand everything you need to in order to want it more than you want anyone else's.the "problem" with the quietspot--mentioned by other reviewers here--is not a failure of engineering or quality control, but one of emphasis in their documentation. barring an actual defective unit (which will usually not work at all) there is nothing wrong with the quietspot that proper adjustment doesn't totally eliminate. i believe that shure doesn't tell you this for fear of alienating technically unsophisticated customers. since i have nothing to sell you, i am blissfully unconcerned with boring you and can write something useful. please note that i write this on the basis of a close examination of a working quietspot and an educated layman's knowledge.observation tells me that, shure's quietspot headset uses active noise cancellation and it is the only cellular headset on the market that does.  this means that the mouthpiece of the headset uses two microphones: one takes in the sound from the world around you while the second takes in the sound from your mouth.using  a trick of wiring, this dual-microphone arrangement uses the sound from the outside world and uses it to weaken the sound from the microphone closer to our mouth. since both microphones take in surrounding sound, the strongest sound that *isn't* cancelled out is your voice.for this to work, the microphones need very good alignment with your mouth. the  quietspot demands that you have the 'mouth-side' microphone pointed directly at your mouth, and the 'world side' microphone pointed directly outwards without mis-alignments like having the microphone-housing too far below or two far above the side of your mouth, or having the microphone housing turned on its side.the tough part about this is that the boom that holds the microphone can twist and bend while the quietspot is in your pocket or case, turning the microphone head around onto its side. if the microphone-head is turned on it's side, or set too far above or below your mouth, then both microphones pick up your voice with equal intensity and the arrangement does exactly as it's supposed to: it treats *your voice* like background-noise and sends everything you say off into oblivion.the solution is easy and useful: you have to learn to put the quietspot's microphone in the right place every time you put it on. once you learn to do this with the windscreen on, you have what is close to the perfect headset. i have used the quietspot, standing in bars in new york city with the jukebox blasting and not had to raise my voice very far above an ordinary conversational volume and with the quietspot's noise-blocking earpiece, i could hear my listener perfectly. the two-way noise elimination of a well-adjusted quietspot is amazing, providing a sense of intimacy and privacy in conversations that no other headset ever gave me including one or two that cost more.the only other thing you need to know about the quietspot is that it is particularly sensitive to wind=noise and unless you intent to never use it outside, it is best to keep the windscreen permanently attached to the unit. you can do this with a needle and thread through the foam, or with a thin-strand of wire. once you've done this, you'll have to learn to make the important adjustment by touch but even then, it's still easy.now that you know all this, give the quietspot a try. you won't be disappointed.
i did my research years ago when i purchased this off amazon. it's been the best headset for all these years. it followed me through 2.5mm cell phones to 3.5mm cell phones with an adapter. sadly, the other parties can no longer hear me with it. i even tried a new 2.5 to 3.5mm adapter with no luck. i'm looking for a new headset and there's nothing like this one. shure had it right and i wish they still made it. not everyone likes bluetooth where it's hard to hear and be heard. i can't believe there's nothing like this on the market anymore. jabra all has bad reviews and i tried a plantronics one and returned it. i'm mourning the loss of this headset and wish it'd magically work again.
i drive a convertible and i have gone through 6 different hands-free devices that didn't work. wind noise is awfully high with the top down, and my wife could never hear me when i talked on a hands-free. that is no longer a problem. the shure works great! it is comfortable, clear sounding and best of all - i'm audible when i speak. if it had a "turbo" button, it would be perfect, but other than that - it is terrific. this is the best i've seen...
the only thing that i can add to the hundreds of reviews already posted here is my own experiences (we ordered 2 of these).positives:- no earbud going into the ear - this is a big positive because i can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.- quick charging.- easy to pair - in my case with a razr and a blackberry.- easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.- pretty good instructions.negatives:- my wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.- being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.- the charging interface is not a mini-usb but some weird, proprietary plug.- if there is a way to attach this to the left ear, i am not aware of it.at this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)
i have been using the hs850 for the better part of 2008 and have found it to be a competent little unit.  it pairs quite nicely with my motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer.  i find the volume level to be good, though not outstanding.  i can hear the other party quite clearly and have had no complaints going in the other direction.the hs850 that i got from amazon came with a charger and minimal instructions, but i had no issues.  after being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go.  the fact that the mike boom also acts as an on/off switch is great, as it tends to conserve battery life.  are there better units on the market ?  most likely.  but i feel that i've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from motorola.
seems like bluetooth headsets are a very subjective experience.  i have a treo 700p and i tried a number of different bt headsets before i settled on the hs850.  i have no problems pairing with my phone and it fits my ear just fine.  what sold me on this particular headset was the outgoing sound quality.  my wife, mother, and paralegal all report that this is the best sounding headset i have had.  it does a good job of avoiding background noise. i previously had the jabra jx-10 and despite good reviews from others, i found the outgoing sound quality low when there was any background noise.  the only criticism i have of the hs-850 is that the incoming sound could be louder.
i was stunned. after 2 plantronics (a 320 and a 330) i was tired of earhooks that came loose and dropped calls. i thought it was my provider when my calls got dropped consistently in the same areas on my drive to/from work. but this headset is phenomenal! maybe one dropped call in a week... and the off/on operation is great! open/close the boom to turn off/on! i love this headset... and i don't say that often
i used this headset with the moto razr and it worked flawlessly.  i was quite happy with the audio quality (folks i talked to never complained about background noise, even while driving) and battery life was more than adequate.  additionally i thought the button functions like mute, swapping calls, etc. were pretty easy to use.why then, you ask, did you rate it only four out of five stars?  i'm glad you asked!my disappointment came when i merged my cell phone and pda by buying a smartphone, an hp ipaq.  the headset connected to the new phone without a hitch and worked flawlessly... for a while.after anywhere from a day to a month, without any warning, the headset would cease working, refusing to connect to the phone.  the fix required hard resetting the phone every time it failed.since hard resetting at random intervals was hardly an acceptable way to go about business, i called motorola for support.  without so much as a single step of troubleshooting i was told to contact the phone manufacturer, hp.would you like to guess what hp told me?  if you guessed "call motorola", you win the cupie doll.  after calling both manufacturers repeatedly, begging for any input they could give, hp admitted that this headset was not one of a very small group of headsets specifically approved as compatible with the phone.  they added that not being on the list does not necessarily mean it won't work, after all it worked just fine for random periods of time (read: i very well could have a defective headset in my hands).motorola's response never waivered... "go talk to hp."i knock off a star not for the very plausible prospect that the problem could lie with the phone manufacturer, but for the less than cordial attitude.  refusing to even troubleshoot a product is called passing the buck.  for all they knew, it very well could have been a defective unit but they were too quick to dismiss me to know for sure.my solution was to buy ajabra bt250v bluetooth headset with vibrating alert [retail packaged], after which i had no problems.my summary would be that this headset will likely perform beautifully with any motorola phone.  in fact, it probably works well with many other phones too- just don't expect to receive any support if your phone is not a motorola.
i believe becuase of the boom it tends to "flap" around more so then the likes of say h500 hands free, but that only seems awkward when you have fast head movement, otherwise not a problem. will not fall off, barely notice it is there, very comfortable, unlike the h605 i tried. the volume is not a problem, loud enough and callers can hear my whispers, i did crank the volume to full. loud enough but i feel that the h605 i tried was louder, but that is a direct in ear ear piece, but that thing was very uncomforatable so this is a excelent balance of everything, plus a neat boom to flip open and answer, i can slip this on the ear very easy. i like.just a note, mot once again has a different charger for this piece, it is not a usb connecter, but a pin connector, oh and fyi, to plug it in, it has to be upside down, read the instructions first or you may be scratching you head trying to plug in the charger.
this animal is fantastic. fool that i was i was using a headset with a wire. every time i turned me head the ear piece would fall out. if i did not turn me head i still had the feeling that this thing was just waiting to strangle me.i reluctantly went to the motorola hs850 bluetooth headset to find what life could be without a wire. all i had to do was initially charge it. the phone did all the rest for me; it located the headset and immediately started to use it. i have it set for one ring tome just to alert me and then it answers. there is virtually no background noise so you have to say "hello". the voice comes in clear and loud enough to use in noisy areas. however i just tell the caller to hold on and go to a more appropriate location if i am on foot. i do not want to be accused of being rude or talking to my self. when in the car the warning gives i time to turn the radio off and the caller can not detect that i am mobile. again i try to make care calls curt or call back from a static location. other mobile commuters do not get offended by me having a hand up to me ear as i change lanes with out signaling.i keep the phone on my belt but never have to pull it out. i seldom make out-going calls however the phone and the headset are designed to make voice dialing instructions and still not have to pull the phone out. at home i leave the phone on a book case across the room and the headset still works well. when i feel like being a recluse all i have to do is fold the headset and it is turned off.
one of the most worthless items i've ever had.  no troubleshooting information in the manual.  works when it wants as opposed to when i want.  charge doesn't seem to last a day without any use.  whoever thought a blue flashing light on your ear was stylish should get a lobotomy.i give up on bluetooth.  and mostly, nomo motoone star because i can't give it a lower vote.
this is one of the better bt headsets that i own. you can hear at your end and you are heard clearly at the other. talk time is great standby time is great. i let my wife borrow it to see if she liked it, needless to say i have ordered another one for myself. moto keeps getting better.
i'm not a bluetooth techie, so i can't compare this to other headsets, but after a month of ownership, i can say it works great.my car has built-in bluetooth, but everbody tells me that when i'm in the car it sounds like i'm under water.  not so with the motorola - i'm told it's crystal-clear.the only negatives i have are:* the multifunction button has no tactile feel - it leads you to press too hard, and too often.  this is especially a problem when you're walking or driving.* the flip out mic is nifty, but the headset tends to wobble if you shake your head at all.
i returned this product because it was clearly a used headset.  there were scratches on the front, and a small dent.  frankly i do not want to insert a used product into my ear.  i went to wal-mart and bought the very same product for less money.
i have a siemens sx66 (yes, the pda-phone that supposedly works with no bluetooth headset out there), and i'm very happy with this headset.it's reasonably comfortable, has great sound volume, even in noisy environments, people say i sound clear even when in an automobile while driving, and it synchronized right away with the sx66.most importantly, with the boom mic to flip, you can turn this unit on and off in a fraction of a second.  my sx66 recognizes the hs850 headset within a second (i'm at the latest bluetooth v1.1 driver from siemens/microsoft - i tried applying the patch from siemens' website, but the phone was already at the latest version).in short, everything works well, and the ambient noise cancellation features seem to work well, according to the people i'm talking to.i haven't run this to the point it has completely lost power - i don't know how long it lasts.  at least 3-4 days of idle and 4-5 hours of talk time.
this is the only bluetooth headset i've tried. using with a motorola e815 with verizon.calling is good with the voice-dialing with the e815. good range for the signal. some areas you have an increased static interference, but it's pretty minimal. occational pop-sounds, not crackling or static for the most part. i guess you could say not a lot of bass and volume can't be made "loud" but is certainly loud enough for regular calls. traffic/other loud background noise will wash out calls...but that's no different than wired headsets (or natice cell useage either).i have about 50-50 usage of the headset wearing it and leaving it closed in the pocket. i charge it every night, never had a low-battery problem in a day. talk 2-4hrs a day on average. if in the pocket i can get it out, unflipped and talking on the phone before the call cancels (it's close though). thought the flip close was wierd at first, but probably the best interface, wouldn't want to have to mess with a button to wakeup/connect. connect time to cell is about 1-2 seconds after opening.comfort is the worst thing about this headset. leaving it on for 1-2hrs your ear will be sore. half of the headset is very stiff plastic with heavy wire inside, other half is flimsy plastic (looks like it would be soft on the ear but doesn't seem that way). doesn't seem to sit nicely in the ear and you can't adjust  up/down/back/forward. i can see why that is, because the ear part is spring-loaded to keep headset tight against the ear but it's not good.worth the money, hope a newer version improves the comfort level.
i was one of the lucky few to get one of these free for registering my motorola mpx-220.  i was skeptical to the whole bluetooth scene, but this headset quickly changed my mind.the device will easily last 3-4 days in standby mode with average usage.  the sound is excellent, and people who listen think i'm talking on a normal phone.  the range is great.  i can be about 50 feet away without a problem.the best part about the phone is the intuitive on/off.  when the microphone boom is "folded" out, it turns on.  fold it back in, and it turns off.  simple, yes.  but many other headsets require you to push buttons (or hold them down).  this makes using it a snap!i actually have one for my home office and another that i leave in my car.
this bluetooth is much more comfortable than my old one.  people that i talk to can't even tell that i'm on the device.  the only reason that i give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it's a little bulky, but you can't beat the price!
it works fine. it connects consistently and the sound quality is acceptable but, the battery life is not so good. the stand-by battery life could be a lot better.
i own this headset and the sound quality is very poor.  i end up having to pick up the handset manually so i can hear the person on the other end.  this defeats the purpose of hands free in a car.  in a quiet room it works fine.  do not buy this if you intend to use it in a car, bus or train.
first, why so big?i like that the microphone turns the unit off/on but that is it.the ear piece has thin rubber around edge of speaker that eventually pealed off. doesn't really impact comfort or help with cupping sound into ear so i'm not sure why that is there.the worst part of this headset and the other 3 motorola headsets i've had is that they take forever to activate during a call.  when my phone rings and i'm using my samsung headset my call is picked up almost instantly, when using any of my motorola headsets there is literally a 2-3 second pause after answering the phone until the headset is picked up.often by the time my headset picks up people on the other end are already saying, "hello?  are you there?"i won't buy another motorola headset, that's for sure.i gave it a 3 because i like the flip on/off & how it fits in my pocket because of that and that it does work.  it just doesn't compete with my samsung or plantronics headsets.
i have had my motorola hs850 bluetooth for about a week.  it replaces a jabra bt250 which died.  while i find the jabra to be more comfortable the hs850 is far more functional.  the compact folding design, the seamless integration with my motorola v551 phone all make it superior to the bt250.  the jabra wins only on comfort and richnes of tone.in the interest of honesty i must add that i worked for motorola computers systems in the mid 80's.
i bought this product few weeks back. it works really great with my samsung t609. once you have bluetooth enabled on your phone, everything else works smooth. it has a good voice quality. 1 small glitch - i found that when i use bluetooth, it uses more battery power from my cell phone.
there is a little static and the wind reduction is not the best, but it works great otherwise.  people claim to hear me just fine. i can hear people fairly well.  not sure what else to expect. its also really easy to set up and use.
i bought this for some members of my family. all of them love theie headsets. when i speak with them while they are using it, there is little to no background noise. the headset isn't to bulky as others are and youget about 6 hours of talk time. it has been connected to motorola, nokia, and samsung cell phones.i had a faulty one, which was quickly resolved by amazon. other than that, the products work perfectly.
as a long-time motorola bluetooth headset user, i can tell you from painful experience that there are fundamental flaws in the hs850.  in fact, i went through four hs850 headsets (under warranty) before motorola decided to upgrade me to the h700 (despite the lower model number, the h700 is a newer model).the hs850 and h700 have the same characteristics:- over-the-ear swing arm earpiece that can be used on left or right ear- flip-open boom microphone that turns the headset on/off- easy volume controls- toggle switch to connect/disconnect calls (or put them on hold/mute)- easy pairing- good published battery life- standard motorola power connectorswhat's the difference?  well, "good published" battery life is the distinction.  all four of the hs850 headsets worked for a few weeks or months, but then would not hold a charge.  battery life went down to minutes.dealing with motorola support was a nightmare.  apparently, their support center for these products was in argentina, and they could only do what was in their script to help me.  after the fourth failure, i insisted on getting a support contact at their corporate hq in illinois.  that support contact was a dream.  after reviewing my case, he gave me the h700 as a replacement.  i had that headset for 1.5 years, and it had kept its battery life and functionality.  of course, i lost it and had to buy a replacement...and given all the choices, i got another h700.do not fall for the lower price of the hs850.  i've seen prices as low as $15 for this model.  i think you'll be frustrated and disappointed in the end.
bought this to replace the hs820 simply for the flip-on functionality. after about 2 months of use, i have concluded that with the exception of the flip-on trick, the hs820 is actually a better headset. mainly due to the volume. the hs820 has much more volume and even seemed to fit on the ear a little better. not a bad unit at all, but the volume and fitment issues should have been resolved before product release.
i have a treo 650, on sprint pcs, with a firmware update of 1.08for the most part, i actually like this headset because it is very comfy, and people seem to hear me well (the comfort is a big deal, as i often wear glasses)however, this headset takes a long time to connect with the t650 --- a good 7 to 10 seconds on most calls (and by then, most people have hung up)in addition, the volume is okay in the car (or other isolated places) but forget about using it outside or in noiser environmentsi've heard that it works well with moto products though ---- for treo 650 users, i highly recommend the scala 500, which has fast connection times and loud volumehappy shopping!!!
this wireless headset is a wonderful solution for hands free cell phone communication.  it is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.  however, it has its dissadvantages.  as others have pointed out, this headset produces rather low volumes, unless the volume is cranked all of the way up.  it helps if you turn the volume gain up on the cell phone itself, but that causes some echo for the other person that is talking to you.  my wife and i each have one of these headsets, and they are both identical with the low volume output issue.  they also both emit a light "hissing" sound in the earpiece when talking.  overall these shortcomings are outweighed by the positives of this device.  it is a very useful and feature rich headset, but be warned that the mild hissing and low volume output will certainly be an annoyance at times.  i would still recommend this headset because the cons are far less than the pros.
i love not having the wire, but the microphone is so close to the earpiece that everyone i talk to with the headset is annoyed and complains about hearing themselves (in echo). this problem can be diminished somewhat by turning the volume down, but then i can't hear the person i'm talking to either (unless i'm in a perfectly silent place). other than this design flaw, the headset is a nifty gadget with elegant controls, good battery life, etc.
this is a terrific device.  i use it with my motorola razr v3 and it works great.  i don't know what i did without a wireless headset.  two things that could be better - first it doesn't recognize ring tones from my phone (but i think that is the phone's problem not necessarily the headset), and second, it occassionally will drop the signal from my phone causing me to scramble to figure out how to go from the headset to my phone.  this doesn't happen very often so it really isn't that big of a deal.
i was very dissapointed with its audio performance. i don't want to write a lot because others have definitely written the positive features in good detail(good microphone, quick connect, good battery life, light-weight etc.), but the usability is very restricted.here is the bottom line, if you want to take this unit outside of your office/home/any quiet environment, you will not be able to hear the other person even if the environment is moderately noisy (this is at unit's highest volume). i was using this in the car, and i can hear faint at best when the road is good, but when you pass through slightly patchy freeway, the other person's voice is completely drowned. the speaker's maximum volume is just completely unacceptable. by the way, this experience was inside a luxury car, not a cardboard car. i am not sure the reason behind this design, could be to improve battery life?i had high expectations. i am returning this unit to amazon and will look at the jabra bt500 (read good reviews about it: in-ear position & usb charging).by the way, i used this with my blackberry 7100g, good syncing and quick connection.
i have pretty low requirements so here's what i was looking for:* comfort while wearing glasses.* only use 1-2 hours a day during commute.* good sound quality on both ends.the hs-850 met my needs pretty well.  i found the headset to be much more comfortable than the jabra bt250v that i used to have.  it is very lightweight, and the earhook fits pretty well.  i stick the headset on the charger for a little while when i get home from work each day so i never have battery issues.  the call quality is adequate on both ends.  i would like the volume a little louder, but it will do.  my wife said that she could hear an "echo" of herself.  this is due having the volume all the way up with the speaker and mic being so close together.  however, she couldn't tell a difference between having the a/c on high or low in terms of background noise.  this was also an improvement over the jabra bt250v.here's what you need to know about limitations.  even though both devices support the handsfree profile, you only get the headset profile when you pair the hs-850 and a treo 650.  this would seem to be treo's issue.  bottom line is that you have to press the multi-function button to transfer calls, and you can't use some of the advanced handsfree profile features.  this wasn't a big deal to me.if you have similar needs/usage expectations, this headset will work well with the treo 650.
as an early adopter of mobile technology, i am always seeking new wireless gadgets to improve my productivity.  so, after a friend reported having good success with the hs850, i acquired one on ebay.  unfortunately, the sound quality is below expectations and i continue to use my wired headset.my cell phone goes with me everywhere, especially when i drive.  hence, i have been using wired headset for the past ten years.  the tangling of the headset wire with itself and my mp3 headphones gets rather annoying.  so, i was looking forward to time when the reviews of bluetooth headsets became positive in the press.when i purchased this model, the information i saw was rather positive, especially about the form factor.  the model is both light and easy to operate.  it intelligently turns on when flipping open the boom.  however, the ring which goes around your ear is just is barely strong enough to keep the headset on.  while it hasn't fallen off, it constantly feels like it might whenever my head is moving.my big complaint with the hs850 is the sound quality. not only is there a slight hiss, but there is also a slightly noticeable electronic digitization.  i would think by 2006 this problem would be corrected.  it sounds very much like the first generation of digital cell phones.  because of this, i would recommend considering other models.prossmalllightweightconsmediocre sound qualitydoesn't hold tightly enough.
first of all, i love the idea of a cordless headset and i have a motorola phone so i thought getting a motorola bluetooth headset would give me the best sound quality. i think that the hs850 is a nice design but has flaws the actual ear piece would do better if it sat just inside the ear (like an earbud) the way it is now sitting just up against the ear makes it difficult to hear your party. more times than not you have to press it against your ear. i also think that the users voice comes out a bit muffled and people complain that they can't really hear you. lastly this headset needs improvement it terms of cancelling out wind noise. i look forward to future models addressing these issues. all in all i mostly enjoy this device even with the flaws.
sucks.... i want even keep this one. first it use a non usb charger and its too big and bulk this needs to put in the trashed and buried on another planet.
this is the second hs850 motorola i have purchased, and they both work great. (the first one developed a crack in the ear loop after three years, but it's still working and i use it as a backup.) these used to sell for $99.00, so at this price it's quite a bargain now. (i bought the "bulk package"... it's exactly the same as the first one i bought three years ago!) i like the fact that it's easy to turn on and off by folding the boom. i keep it in the car for hands-free driving. the battery lasts and lasts... and it's easy to charge. you can get a car-charger, too! i like the fact that amazon guarantees a genuine motorola product if you buy direct from them, and it was even more of a bargain with no tax and free shipping!
this is a decent bluetooth headset.static, in general,is tolerable, unlike many of motorola's other (and pricier) headsets.however, the volume level is far too low.  one has to literally press the headset against one's ear when driving on the freeway.on the bright side, the open/fold of the boom to turn the headset on/off is and innovative feature unique to motorola headsets (and not all of them, at that).
when it comes to headsets, the sound quality is the bottom line for me. i'm sorry to say that this one doesn't have it. i found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike. the fit was a bit loose but not a huge problem. the big issue for me was the muffled sound, both for me and the caller. the other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem. i have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them during a call. this lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality. only one of the other 7 i tested did worse. (i also tested the motorola h700 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one.)
i bought this headset to replace my hs820.  i previously used both the motorola hs850 and the hs820 and had the same two problems with each.- insecure attachment to my ear.- insuffcient volumewhenever i moved, the motorola headsets wiggled and made me feel as if they were about to fall off. they never did but it was still annoying.the volume problem was in part related to this. the contact with my ear wasn't very firm and the ambient noise that the headsets let in coupled with a relatively low volume meant that i had to press the headset to my ear to hear clearly.i gave it 2 stars rather than one because of the great battery life.i finally bought a plantronics 510 and have been very satisfied.
have been using this unit for over a year and for the most part, i like it.pros: easy bt connection to my lg vx8300.  easy to carry in your pocket.  simple to use. light. great range. very good battery life. like the 'flip open the mike to turn it on' feature.cons: i have trouble hearing people when there's a lot of ambient noise due to the lack of an earbud that goes in the ear.  for this reason, my next bt headset will definitely be of the 'earbud' design.  always feels like it's about to fall off, but generally doesn't - still distracting.  a little trouble maintaining a good connection with the phone when my phone is close to my body in my belt holster or pocket (though this could actually be a problem with the phone's bt antenna being in close proximity to my body).  it never has a problem if my phone is sitting on a table even when i'm 20-30 feet away.overall, a good headset.  but after only a year, i am having trouble getting the charger to connect and the shroud around the ear speaker has come off.
i bought this earpiece a month ago to go with my brand new nextel i870.  it worked sorta ok but was a bit finiky when used with my phone in my belt holder.  i didnt wear it all the time, just when i was commuting to and from work.  i kept it in my pocket so it would be on standby, in contact with my phone.  most times, it would connect quickly and function well.  ocassionally, it would seem to connect, but when i attempted an outgoing call, it would disconnect.i also had trouble hearing the unit while driving.  as i am approaching my mid 50's, my hearing is not as acute as in past years, and the internal noise from the pickup truck (windows up, and ac running) makes hearing the other party on the earpiece difficult.my main problem with this unit is the recharge plug.  i have 3 nextel/motorola phones that use this type of plug and have not had any trouble with it.  the plug end has a release button to depress when unplugging.  the catch on my hs850 charger plug was more difficult to release and required much more pressure to release than my other 2 motorola charger plugs of the same type.  this contributed to undue stress on the socket and eventually the socket pulled loose.  i probably charged it 6-7 times over the month i had it.i intend to replace my hs850 with some other type that has an earpiece that fits in my ear, providing some sound isolation from environmental noises, rather than the lay on this ear type.be careful unplugging this unit from its charging plug.
i have been very happy with this headset.  i use it with a motorola razr v3.my last bluetooth headset was a jabra, and it broke after just a few months -- the power button quit working, so it was always on until the battery drained.i love the hs850 since it has no power button!  instead, you just flip it open or closed.  it gets great battery life, since it's so easy to put it in standby by flipping it closed.i have also used this headset successfully with skype on both windows and mac.  the only catch is that it can only be active with one device at a time, so you have to disconnect/release it from your cell phone, before you can successfully use it with windows or mac.  this makes switching back and forth between your pc and phone a bit cumbersome.  of course, it took a couple of hours to get it working under windows, but it worked first try on the mac ;-)
i got this for around $30, and it works really nice. my only complaint would be my ear starts feeling sore after wearing it for awhile, and like another reviewer said, it is light enough that it feels like it might fall off sometimes. my husband who is a truck driver said he couldn't hear through it over the noise of the truck, but i can use it and hear through it in my car just fine. it would have been good if it came with a car charger too, but thats just wishful thinkin :)
i like the look of this headset, and i really like the fact that flipping the boom turns it on and off instantly.however, the motorola hs850 performs much worse than my much older logitech mobile traveller bluetooth headset.  everyone i call indicates that i sound muffled, and callers typically ask me to discontinue the use of the headset.  also, the earpiece speaker is not that loud, so it is rather hard for me to hear callers when there is background noise (e.g., in the car).i just purchased this a couple of weeks ago.  i am giving it to a friend and ordering a different one (plantronics voyager 510?).
i got two of these.  one for my wife and one for me.  i can not tell when she calls me if she is on the phone or using the headset ( maybe that is more a comment on the phone :) ).the voice interface of the phone has more to do with how well this works.  on my wife's phone she has to train each contact she wants to voice dial.  not very practical.  on my phone it just figures it out but sometimes i am not certain who it has decided to call.  we both end up dialing through the phone and using the headset to talk and answer calls.  (we both have verizon wm5 pda phones.)
i had this bluetooth for a week, then i started having issues.  it would disconnect from my phone on its own and then stopped connecting all together.  in addition, it isn't that comfortable to wear for a long period of time.
i swapped out a jabra bt250v for this (see review).  the moto is a heck of a lot better - sound quality pretty good on the calls, functions with the moto e815 no problem - voice dialing works without a hitch, volume on the phone controls headset volume, redial function, etc.  the moto is kind of clunky feeling - you know you're wearing it but not that uncomfortable.  just a big plastic thing hanging off the top of your ear rather than the "in the ear" school of thought.  i love my jabra wired headset - don't know why the bt was so horrible.  works fine in the car as long as the windows are rolled up - affected by wind noise, high background volume, etc.  but that's to be expected.  can't comment on battery life - haven't had to charge it again yet.  folding boom switch is great.  i turn auto answer off and just fold out the boom to turn on the headset as needed.  overall - the range and sound quality are very acceptable.
hello, since i am the tech guy at the homestead, i am not the user but hear everything wrong about something when i get it for my wife (sound familiar guys?) i bought this in spring 2012, she used it for two months and liked it and had no complaints about it, i was her hero! but by june it was dead-o-roonie and i was in the dog house again! any-hoo i was asked to purchase again. i felt the motorola name that came along with 900+ reviews was enough to make this a good purchase never mind the price under twenty bux? i know, i know, what do you expect for such a low price point? alot, something that works for a year or more and it seems so did 900+ other buyers. well, i am onto the motorola h730, everyone is abuzzin' about that one also, and i will try it for my ever lovin', and see if i can be her hero again for a few months or more? i am quite sure this unit is out of warranty, but if any of you literature readers know about the warranty of this item. post it here? thanks in advance.
i bought this bluetooth earpiece with my sony ericsson p900 a couple of years ago and it's still going strong. i do not have any problems with it and have used it extensively.  it's great to have some kind of hands-free, wireless device.  this one sits on my ear and is out of the way.after 2 years of use, the silicone part around the earpiece that "seals" the earpiece to your ear has come away from from the plastic.  not really a big deal, but it is breaking away from normal use.  i've never dropped it or abused it in any way, so i would have expected it to last longer than this.  performance is still good though.it does sit a little precariously on my ear, it's just a light "wrap" around my ear, so if i lean over too much, there is a danger it can fall off.  care must be taken when you're wearing it.  and even though it is one of the smaller wireless units, it's still heavy after wearing it for a few hours.  battery life is good and charging is easy.if buying another one, i would look for one that can sit more securely on my ear, but i would have no problems sticking with this brand.
what a bargain.this is my second bluetooth headset.  i waited for a year to write a review because my last one quit working after 3 months due to poor design.  this one is still going strong.  it's easy to use, it recharges easily and quickly and the sound quality is great.
imho this is slightly better than the moto h700.  it's larger, and a bit heavier.  the boom is larger.  but if that's not an issue, then both are equal imho.  both have the cheek problem!now for the problem where people cannot hear you, or you sound muffled or away from the phone.  wearing your bluetooth, look in the mirror and see how the boom touches your cheek or if you have a beard it'll touch that.  note there is a very small hole on the inside of the boom that gets the sound.  now anything that touches that will impede your voice....it's like putting a towel over a regular phone and talking to someone. not you do not need puffy cheeks for this problem to happen.  unless you have a very narrow face, chances are this will happen to you and you'll blame it on the bluetooth!to fix this, get either neoprene tubing or that sticky foam on one end (mole skin) and cut a small piece and put on the hinge near the boom then a smaller piece (if needed) on top of the other.  this will make a space between your cheek and the boom so people can hear you! with this fix, you will still be able to close your boom.
do not remember, probably changed phones and may find it in a draw one day. i am sure it came and everything was o.k.
this fit my verizon v3m razr, fit on my person comfortably while driving and would be a great gadget if it were not for the huge ear bud.  i have large earcanals and this earbud does not even come close to fitting in it.  rediculous!most reputable earbud companies (v-moda, bose and shure) have different size earbuds for each individual.  i am disappointed in this product...
the sound is horrible... people say i sound like i am in a muffled tunnel. and i bought two, to have in case the bt ran down.... poor me..... and my plantronics 620 works like cr*p too. no noise cancellation worth a d*mn... forget about using it when driving a car.... i am trying to find a new one...
ordered from oem and it arrived quickly, within a couple of days.  i would recommend this company to others and would use it again myself.i have found all ear pieces to be somewhat uncomfortable for prolonged use.  this usb earpiece works better than the blue tooth that i had --- the reception is clear and very loud (much better than the cell phone itself of the previous blue tooth) on the other end, the people that i've called said it was loud and clear.
even though this ear piece is designed for a razor phone, the ear bud is too big, uncomfortable and it keeps falling off the ear. after two weeks of use, the on/off switch stopped working, and this feature was the main reason why i bought this unit. in sum, it was a waste of money. there was no provision in this review for "0" stars, so i gave it "1"
this wired motorola razr headset is better than a bluetooth one for these reasons:-the mic is closer to your mouth so your voice will sound better and clearer than a bluetooth headset where the mic is way up by your ear. i tried a wireless bluetooth headset and my voice always sounded distant and callers could hear ambient room noise around me. they said i sounded like i was using a speakerphone. but when i use this wired headset, they say my voice is quite clear and loud.-it's easier to just plug in this wired headset at any time than fool around with the settings for syncing with the bluetooth when you want to by on headset.-this headset is easier to carry with you than a bluetooth one and no ac adapater charger or battery is required.-this headset is cheaper than a bluetooth headset and in fact comes bundled with some razr phones.the only reason i'm not rating this headset 5 stars is that i agree with other reviews, the earpiece doesn't fit that snuggly in the ear. this is a minor complaint for me though as the headset does pretty much what i want it to do and it does it nicely.
good headset, good sound, great price. i had another brand i bought at a store for $19 (which i returned) the sound works better on this one. its sound wasn't as good as this one and the fit was bad. this one has good sound and the fit is better than the other one (although not perfect). i can't complain.
i bought this to protect from scratches, from accidental dropping and to make my pocket not heavy.. this cover has proved satisfactory in all respects: i dropped the phone a few times already and thing happened. after using the phone for 9 months, it still shines line new - not a single scratch. it is very easy to put on and off. there are 2 minor issues with this:a) you need to take extra care when you plug on the charger, to make sure the phone charges - the leather cover comes in the way of the charger - after a few accidental "battery dying out", i learned to connect it properly to get a full charge.b) the elastic band/top cover comes in the way of the camera - so for taking pictures, i remove the top sleeve.c) inspite of all the positive feedback, i still feel it makes the phone bulky, but the belt clip is very tough, and i don't mind the extra bulk to act like a cowboy.
i don't see what others have liked about this.  it doesn't add any value -- doesn't make the phone easier to carry or use, doesn't add significant protection, or do anything else.  i'd recommend getting a pouch with a slide-on clip, that holds the phone horizontally on your belt or waistband.
perfect slim close fitting case and is well worth the money. the razr remains very thin since this case is wellcrafted. no bulk here and extremely stylish. krusell makes the best cell phone cases in the world.
fits the motorola razr v3 like it was specifically designed for it. the elastic top allows you to use the flip functionality of your phone unlike other leather covers that prohibit your phone from closing all the way.perfect.
it protects your phoneit doesn't really make your phone thickthe multi-adapter system really works (although i usually leave it off)the cover is a snap (literally) to install/remove and is of high qualitythe motorola cover is pretty bad (see the reviews)
i like this phone. it feels well made and has a beautiful quality generously proportioned screen; a definite plus for folks who like games on their cells. although the amazon listing calls it a tri-band phone, it is in fact quad-band. most importantly for me, it speaks mac. using a data cable ( pick up a cheapie on ebay ) it functions flawlessly with isync for ical and address book. the only thing that i'm not very pleased about is that contact email and addresses don't seem to transfer to the phone ( the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 ). there might be a way to accomplish this, but i haven't been able to figure out how to do it.but what i really like about his phone is that it functions quite handsomely as a wireless bluetooth modem. my phone uses the t-mobile network, and combined with the "  all the data you can eat " program ( around $20 a month ) and my ibook with a d-link bt adapter, and i'm good to go. the set up is a bit complex, but the nice folks at t-mobile supplied me with the  info.it's controls are very easy to use and it looks great, i live in a signal challenged area, but i have found that the v330 works better then any other cell i have ever owned. the photo quality isn't anything to write home about, though the zoom feature is pretty effective.  generally speaking i like my cell phones to have data card capacity, particularly for photo storage, but t-mobile has a nifty album feature which lets you store your pics online. i was also impressed by this little phone's sound.the v330 is a real winner!
this is actually a quad-band mobile phone which makes it a true 'world phone'... more so than the common tri-band devices.world phones are generally equipped w/ both 1900 and 1800 frequencies. together, these frequencies cover europe, much of the u.s. and many other countries. most tri-band units, however, are usually equipped with either 850 or 900mhz.850 fills in the 'rural gaps' in the states. 900 allows for roaming in new zealand and australia. whereas both t-mobile and cingular operate on gsm frequencies and therefore can offer world phones, cingular operates on the 850 and t-mobile on 900. they allow each other to use their frequencies for instances where they don't provide a needed frequency... provided you device is equipped w/ both 850 & 900 mhz as is the motorola v330.how is t-mobile? truth of the matter (as with any mobile phone service) it comes down to the region you live in as well as what building your in and the area that building is in. sorry, there is no across-the-board answer. as soon as one gets great reception, his/her neighbor curses it.visually, this phone is indistinguishable from just another flip phone, but it offers rather large and well-spaced keys. the screen is vivid and bright. the ringtone gets plenty loud. for these reasons, it's a great phone for seniors who still want a modern phone. i just got one for my mum.of course, being a quad-band, video, camera, multi-zoom, bluetooth, infrared device w/ browser, the general ease of operation can only be so easy. that 'said,' many a senior probably couldn't be bothered w/ messing with it all or putting to test call quality in rural u.s. and new zealand.that you get all of this and at such a price makes the v330 an eyebrow-raising steal.one more thing - that it's blue, not the de riguer black or silver, i like.a quality phone packed w/ a host of goodies. go 'head on, motorola.
it worked for the small time we needed it. didn't like the antenna, but hey the phone range and made calls. it had a calculator too!i know..big whoop!
this was my first clamshell phone, and i like that aspect of the phone, but that's about it.  it seems to have worse reception than my previous phones (all nokia bar type) in the same coverage areas.  the biggest issue is definitely the battery.  i am not a heavy cell phone user so i like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days.  this phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours - with minimal usage.  i don't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds, but it is extremely frustrating.  also, i am not thrilled with the intuitiveness (or lack thereof) of the menus, but i am sure i would have become familiar with them in time.  i won't have a chance on this phone since i am looking to return mine asap.cons:poor battery lifeworse reception than previously owned phonesnot comfortable to holdpros:looks goodcompact
this is one of the nicest phones i have used.  it is a traditional flip phone for those who use their phone as a phone and works very well.
i owned the v300 and found it to be a bit quirky, strange things would happen when ever i charged it, when it was finished all the personal settings would revert back to factory standard. they seemed to have fixed that with this latest version of the phone. my understanding is that they have combined the features from both the v300 and the v 600 to make this phone. i've only had it for 1 week and so far so good i always enjoyed functions such as speaker phone, voice dialing and voice memos, now i get the blue tooth and a much better redesigned key pad along with video clip capabilities. all of this is good news! if i had to pick a down side i would have to say that i'm dissapointed that motorola decided to make this phone look exactly like the v300. i like what the body of the phone feels like, but a change of color would be better, maybe silver.
this is a very nice phone.  much nicer than my razr v3 that i returned 3 times because of the high pitched whining noise... if you can live with high pitched static when answering calls (yes, this only happens when answering... not when making an outside call).  i like the color (and toying with changing the face plates) and the functionality with great battery life.  its camera is pretty descent as far as cell phones go.  it is clear and works.  it is not super fancy, though it has a lot of fuctionality.  i am a bit disappointed that t-mobile and motorola don't have more choices right now, as i would have been happy to buy them.  anyway, if you want a good phone with bluetooth (bt), then this is a very good one.
i've been using this phone for about three weeks on the t-mobile system within ct and while travelling. it has been an easy to operate phone. there are a few minor flaws that i've found which you may want to consider prior to making a purchase decision.pros-solid reception - seems to hold calls pretty well - have not experienced unexpected call drops.-as near as i can tell people are hearing my calls clearly-easy to text message with predictive entry - very clear interface and helpful completion of words-while on t-mobile you can be browsing the web and also receive an incoming voice call (though you cannot continue to browse - the key is that it doesn't send people to your voicemail). i believe this is a function of the gsm technology that t-mobile and cingular operate under.cons-earpiece volume is low - you'll have difficulty using this in noisy environments.-not edge (high speed internet) capable-if there is a way to have multiple contact info (home, business, cell, email) for one address book entry - i haven't found it. instead i have awkwardly had to setup multiple address entries (how 1980's).-the phone offers a bluetooth connection - and there should be a standard keypress to turn the bt on and off. instead you have to create a shortcut or re-map one of the "smart" keys to do the task.-it should be easier to change ring styles - most phones allow you to change the style to vibrate right from the volume buttons or a key press - the v330 supports this (kinda) but you have to use the up/down volume and then a smart key to select. the extra steps are tedious when you are trying to go into a store or movie theater and want to mute the phone.summaryi'd purchase this phone again for t-mobile. i considered other phones before making this purchase and the overall features (including the ability to use bluetooth)are what attracted me to the v330.the requirement to list multiple names in the phone book is really odd and it might be that i just haven't found the "secret". the phone doesn't come with any type of detailed user manual so you have to go online and look at a pdf to get the information. so far i have not uncovered any secret. if i had a large phone book that i wanted to use, then i'd probably have passed on this phone (and any other motorola using a similar scheme).if you are frequently in noisy environments, this probably is not the phone for you either. the earpiece is just too low. i'm constantly trying to raise the volume when talking to someone out in a crowded place that has noise.for a good middle-of-the road phone with solid reception, i don't think you can go too wrong with the v330.
loved the idea of moving back to a palm device after my sony p900 died. constant lockups, requiring the removal of the battery to reboot even after doing a firmware update, made me return this to amazon. will wait for the new sony.
i have owned a treo 650 on and off and on again since this model came out.  initially, i was extremely frustrated by the phone's telephone performance and its lack of stability.  frequent reboots, freezes and dropped calls made it difficult to appreciate the phone.  i ended up getting rid of it and relying on a separate palm and cell phone.  over time, palmone has released firmware updates (the phone's operating system) that have made the phone very stable.  the improvements we so significant that they actually won me back.  this review is for the gsm treo 650.a word about carriers: i only use gsm because i travel abroad frequently - this limits me to cingular and tmobile.  i have used both, and i have found that cingular's network coverage is more complete, especially in rural areas, but tmobile's network sounds better.  it's a tradeoff - with tmobile, you'll drop the call more often, but with cingular you'll say "what?" more often.  their coverage is about equal in big cities and along major highways.  international roaming is less expensive with tmobile, plus cingular has a few hurdles in place that prevent you from enabling international roaming on your account if you've been with them for less than 6 months.  verizon and sprint use a cellular technology that is us-only, and therefore no good for using your phone abroad.here are the phone's pros: in your pocket, you have your address book, datebook, notes, e-mail, low-res still and video camera, a very nice sms interface that threads sms exchanges by contact, a web browser, and an mp3 player.  the qwerty keyboard makes typing much faster than a standard phone.  the interface is unique and you will need a little time to get used to it, but once you do you will be as efficient at quick-dialing and keeping up with daily use as on any other phone.  also, this phone is a quad-band gsm which means that it will work very well abroad, unlike the more common tri-band gsm phones, which don't perform as well.  (remember, if you get a treo smartphone from verizon or sprint, it will not work abroad.)  the screen on the palm version is brilliant.  the windows version is not as sharp - a limitation imposed by the operating system.  also, gsm technology uses "sim" cards, which means you can simply change out the "sim" and use your phone on another network or another phone number, either domestically or while abroad.  (you might have a phone locked onto a carrier's network until your contract commitment is complete, but that's something you can sort out on your own).here are the phone's cons: i said "in your pocket" because if you mount this thing on your belt, the bulge may force you to make alterations on your sport jacket.  also, in an age of identity theft and information security, you should think long and hard about just how much information is in there.  believe me, the phone quickly becomes a place to store passwords, account information, customer information, etc.  consider how you will feel if you leave it in a restaurant, or if it's stolen.here are lesser cons that can be worked around: the beauty of these palm phones is that they're so popular; other people have had whatever problem you might encounter, and they've written software to address / fix / work around the issue.  for example, i found that the phone's volume is not loud enough.  there is 3rd party volume software to fix that, as well as software that allows you to use the phone as a bluetooth modem for your computer.  some software is freeware, some is shareware, and some is for purchase.  the key is that there are so many forums and resources on the internet that you can search around and find the answers that you need, and the phone allows you to install and uninstall with as much ease as with your home pc.thoughts about newer treo phones:  the 650 now costs a little less because the treo 700w and 700p have come out.  this is a good thing, because i don't see the 700 having any new features that make the upgrade a "must".  other than a slightly redesigned appearance and interface, and higher resolution camera, the phone's features are basically identical.  also, as of the summer 2006, the treo 700 is only available on cdma networks.  the treo folks have staggered the release of gsm and cdma models to give the all carriers a turn at exclusivity.looking to the future, there is speculation that the next generation treo phone will be a gsm, it will be thinner, lighter, and the antenna will be internal - basically, it will more resemble a blackberry on the outside.  these are much sought after features by treo users.  maybe i'll upgrade then.in conclusion, only 4 stars for this phone because the product wasn't ready for market when they released it.  it's much better now; if they had initially released the current product, i would have given it 5 stars.  i hope my perspective helps you with your decision.update - jan 08, 2007: the treo750 (windows mobile) has come out in the uk with vodafone, and here in the usa, the treo680 (palm os) has been announced with cingular.  in forums on the internet, people have reported that the new 680 addresses many wish-list items for the treo faithful: slighly thinner (a modest few millimeters), internal antenna, better keyboard, volume-too-low issue "sort of" resolved, better mp3 player (ptunes instead of real), more memory, improved phone interface, edge instead of gprs to double the data speed.  unfortunately, the camera has the same resolution (640x480) and the few millimeters thinner have meant a thinner battery.  treo 680 owners complain of poor battery life (1 day or significantly less for power users).as of thanksgiving, every vendor pre-selling the treo 680 was sold out (including amazon).  this tells me two things: many treo users are looking to upgrade immediately by choice, not out of necessity.  as a result, the market should be flooded with inexpensive used treo650s, and no doubt merchants with 650 inventory will probably sell them inexpensively enough for people who have been priced out of the smartphone market to get their hands on one.palm says the 680 is targeted to the every day person, not the power user.  i suppose that means in a year we should expect another more expensive model that will be what the 680 should have been.  i feel that palm is releasing new models in a very slow and calculated manner in order to drive consumer spending.my recommendation: if you want a treo, go with the 650.  with an extended battery a power user (bluetooth, e-mail, etc.) can go 2 days between charges or 3 days with normal usage.  look for it online.the smartphone market has become very crowded with the slim motorola q (windows), the comparably sized and feature-rich nokia e61 (legendary stability of symbian os), friendlier and proven blackberry models, the samsung blackjack (windows), and lately the mda (windows) is getting rave reviews with all the features you wish you could have, including wi-fi.the treo does a lot - it probably has the best sms interface on the market, but the rest is just ok.  for example, the mp3 player works, but not as good as a dedicated mp3 player like an iriver or ipod.  the e-mail application works, but the imap implementation is poor, and pop3 performance is inconsistent re: leaving or deleting messages from the server.  if you want a good e-mail application on the treo, you'll have to buy a 3rd party program that will be almost as good as the blackberry.  but you will have to buy this app, and the more 3rd party apps you load, the less stable the device.  what i'm saying is the treo is a jack of many trades but it's a master of none (except sms/mms messaging.)  while i am a palm faithful, i'm afraid that if you want a *stable* phone, e-mail, address book and schedule, the blackberry is the way to go, but you won't have the bells and whistles (camera, mp3 player, 3rd party apps and touch screen) that come with a treo.  yes, that means i now have a crackberry.  it was a xmas gift from a friend who was tired of hearing me complain about my treo.  here is the bottom line: if you're getting this device as a business tool where missed calls or e-mails translate to lost money, get a blackberry.  if you want a really cool phone with all the bells and whistles you can fathom and you like loading 3rd party applications and you like having a fun device to play with, then you will absolutely love the treo.
i have been itching for a treo ever since the 600 came out and i noticed that more streamlined design.  when smartphones were first introduced, i bucked the trend of combining the two thinking that as often as i use my cell phone and my pda, if i bought one that integrated both i would wear it out twice as fast.  and in my humble opinion, it was a valid reason because back then, the original phone/pda's were impossibly large.  well i have finally become a convert.i spent a great deal of time researching blackberry's vs. the treo's vs. pocket pc's and came very close to grabbing a t-mobile dash (which i still believe is the all-around smallest model availabe as i write this, or at least it seemed to be), but i finally settled with the trusted palm os platform (one that i have become very familiar with over the years using pda's for quite some time now).  when i set out to get one, i really had my heart set on the treo 680...but as i read the reviews for them, one thing kept creeping in to almost all the reviews: battery life was terrible.  with that aside, quite a few of the reviewers mentioned that all things considered, they were more happy with their old 650.  i saw this on so many reviews that i began to think twice.  then i noticed that the 700p was a more beefed up version of the 650, and began to consider it as well.  unfortunately as i write this, it isn't available with alltell service where i am (it will, but nobody can give me a target date, and dang it, i am too impatient to wait...) so i am right back with the 650.  it took a while before palm was able to knock enough of the bugs out of the 650 that i felt like buying one would be worth it...and i am discovering more than a few bugs have been associated with both the 680 & 700p, so no matter how much time i spend considering upgrading to a newer model, i find compelling reasons to go right back to the old school 650.reason #1 to go with it: since it is no longer available at palm's official website, and with the newer models coming out, chances are you can find some pretty sweet deals on the older 650.reason #2: virtually all of the problems originally associated with the 650 have been eliminated.  you want push email?  you can get it.  you want web surfing?  no prob.  you want to view and edit ms word documents and excell?  easier than ever with the 650 (that was one major plus over most of the pocket pc's and all of the blackberrys -- sure you can view some of these documents, but you cannot edit them, too).reason #3: no matter how convenient the pda, i found it next to impossible to give up a touch-screen's amazing versatility and the ease with which you can use it to edit things and connect on websites.one more important item to factor in when considering buying a 650: with the popularity with ever increasing wireless downloading speeds, i was afraid that the slower treo would make internet surfing next to impossible because of the archaic speeds with which you are forced to endure.  i was very pleastantly surprised that downloading web pages did not take as long as i was at first expecting.  i have to tell you, after experimenting with the supposedly much faster 700p with another online carrier than the one i was using (i won't say which, but they really did their best to tell me the 650 was slower than a dial-up modem from 1985), anyway, the 650 was only slightly slower than this screaming fast 700p or the 700w.  i figured that was something i could live with to be honest.  hey, it's a tiny hand-held device that allows me to send and receive email and surf the web...i'm still amazed that something like this exists at all to be honest with you...so downloading speed is still secondary in my opinion.  if speed really is on your list of absolutes, maybe you ought to move up to something else...but keep in mind, it is only barely faster than what i experienced first hand.one more thing: the screen is amazing.  there are only so many ways to say wow.  if you are considering buying a palm that runs windows mobile, you ought to know that the screen clarity is almost reduced by half.  this apparently has something to do with window's os, and seriously put my decision to buy one on the back burner.sure there are things that a smartphone cannot as yet do without some difficulty or impossibility...but that is the same with all current models.  do some serious research into what you want vs. what you need and make an informed decision only after you have had the chance to go into a store and test a specific model personally.  do that and no matter what you decide on, you will most likely be happy.  so far, i know i am very satisfied with my choice.  good luck on yours.***update***i opted not to get a bluetooth hands-free device -- at first.  originally i would see people walking around with these lt. uhura type thingy's sticking out of their ears and i couldn't help but wonder how lazy people are that they cannot raise their hand up to their head while walking around simply to talk on the phone.  for the most part i still feel this way, but i decided to buy a bluetooth hands-free headset for while i am driving.  i cannot afford to miss calls, and being in radio, when not at work or home i can be found in my car monitoring the radio virtually 100% of the time and unfortunately this means i sometimes cannot hear the ringer.  the tethered device that came with the phone is certainly loud enough, but simply did not fit my ear (it kept falling out).  i bought a replacement that came with a variable size adapter and yet while it fit better, the sound was almost impossible to hear (the worst i have ever experienced, actually).  so i took the plunge knowing full-well that the palm treo has a somewhat problematic history using these devices...so i made sure that i had an iron-clad return policy in place and jumped in.  it took me no more than a minute to configure my head-set and i went ahead and made a test call which had more than enough volume -- in fact it had plenty to spare.  all in all i am very satisfied with the performance. (i bought a keycera bluetooth, if that means anything)one additional item that requires mentioning: i currently have call-waiting as a service with my treo and yet i have missed at least 3 calls (that i know of).  this particular feature does not seem to be supported by the 650...and if it is, i have yet to discover any useful info regarding the problem, whether online or in the bible-sized instruction manual.  i will keep looking and if i find a solution i will quickly report it here asap.  just one more thing to think about.  otherwise, i am amazingly satisfied with my treo otherwise.  the only thing i wish (other than user-friendly call-waiting) is faster downloads while online.  that is supposedly possible with the newer models using evdo and yet the 700p i tested failed to work only slightly faster than my 650.  maybe it was the network -- but not according to them (no surprise there).  i still think my purchase was well worth it.
it's been two weeks with my treo 650 and now i remember why i love the palm os so much. i switched to blackberry two years ago (7290) and i've enjoyed using it except for the very, very basic screen. i assume that's how they get such remarkable battery life. but, i've had to switch from the bb for work reasons and i'm very happily using palm again. my last palm was a palm vx and it's still alive and kicking after many, many years.the treo 650's screen is really amazing. and, i've read the older reviews about the treo 650 and the frequent resetting issue. i was certainly concerned and ready to send it back if i had problems (cingular gives you 30 days to try it out). so far only one reset in two weeks with the palm - honestly, i had to reset the blackberry constantly so i'm not sure i'd notice the difference. and, the bb resets are particularly annoying because they would happen at the start of answering incoming calls and then literally take 5-8 minutes to reset and let me use it again. i'm not sure why it took so long - i did have a big address book. the palm reset only took 30 seconds.but, here's where treo shines: screen graphics, photos, mp3s and videos. i can put 2-4 movies on a 2gb sd card, pop into the palm and carry around some convenient entertainment. one little feature that really impressed me was the ability to display the screen vertically (it's longer that way). with letterbox movies it really increases the size of the video and exceeds the size of videos on my zen vision 30gb screen. and, the videos really look incredible.and, of course, there's a ton of free software out there for the palm. so far, i've only downloaded tcpmp for the movies. the included realplayer is very impressive - you're ready to listen to mp3s right out of the box.final note: i've used the palm desktop for pim stuff (contacts, calendar, to do's) off and on for years and i'm still impressed with it's features and easy/quick navigation. they've always been ahead of the pack - i know many of the newer phones come with similar pim software so your pc can talk to your new phone but aside from blackberry no one else is even in the ballpark.you can manage photos in there as well and even add photos to your address book so once you've synced up your incoming calls display a picture of the caller. i know this has been around for a while but it wasn't available on my old palm v or the new blackberry i've been using for the past few years.
i've only been using mine a couple of weeks, but have been using both palmpilots and cell phones for years--and should mention that i lived in japan for seven years, where the functions of the treo would be considered very basic and even far outdated with the notable exception that you can add software and therefore functionality to the treo.despite what i would consider the low resolution of the camera and screen, the slow speed performance over the wireless network (apparrently the later models of treo are broadband speed now), and the fact that palm software basically came out with a set of winners back in the 1990s and never improved notably, don't let the critical attitude i write this review in deceive you.  i love this thing.  it's perfect for me and my needs--personally, as well as in business.-new batteries and accessories are and will be available for years following your purchase, which means this has it all over other cell phones.-when you upgrade, all your data is transferrable even if you completely change carriers.-one program i added for instance is basically google earth--in my pocket!  and with memory cards in the gigabytes, i can add any and as much functionality as i care to have--plus store all my rediculous photos and other nonsense without worrying about running out of space.-i'll be using this as my mp3 player, and it's a camera that will be there even when i wouldn't have thought to bring one.-it holds all my appointments, vital information, etc . . . .-it has advantages over the super japanese cell phones and system in that i can take longer movies and send them by regular e-mail.-when negotiating business over lunch or golf, where it would be a weak hand to bring a stack of papers or notes, you can input and look up information as need be in this device you would be expected to carry instead.-add that i can basically use as many e-mail accounts on it as i like.this basically negates whatever need i had to carry a laptop unless i'm on an extended business trip.this is truly a computer with internet access in my pocket.  it can do all the same basic stuff a desktop computer can do.i'm only taking one star away because there are now later models even more capable, and if you're considering buying the 650 you might as well get it with faster internet access.note that friends of mine with the 700w as opposed to the 700p say they miss the palm native software and some have said they'll switch to the 700p to get it--so it's something to consider if you're thinking of going a step above the 650.lastly, though i do find this increadibly handy, i don't know that it's worth the asking price that's usually listed.  if a cell phone of any kind is connected to a service, the most it should cost the customer is $200 with a service contract.  there's really no excuse for charging people $500 for any phone (and i wouldn't have bought mine if it didn't cost me exactly $75 used).  they're selling you a service and making you sign a contract that they'll charge you big time for breaking, so they should take the additional expense when it comes to equiptment for for accessing services they're going to charge you or your company through the nose for anyway.cingular is currently selling these for $45 with a service contract, and i would take that deal if i weren't able to get mine for a reasonable price.  conversely, i'd rather not have one issued by my company because that would leave me not a moment's privacy (people i have important business with know when it's appropriate to reach me by means other than my office phone or e-mail, and when it's not.)
as someone who used the original palm pilot and eventually the handspring visor with visor phone, i thought off and on about buying the treo 650. the very mixed, sometimes extreme, reviews of the 650 and the relatively high price for an unlocked treo kept me away. with the release of the next generation of treos drmatically forcing down the price of the 650 i decided to take a chance. after a week of fairly active use i have to say that i am extremely pleased with my new treo. i bought my new unlocked (cingular branded) treo online. the phone clarity is as good as any mobile phone that i have owned. i have not had any dropped calls. the browswer and e-mail client that came loaded on my treo work well. i live in a country where the fastest mobile data connection is still gprs/edge, so my tro 650 is just right. i easily synced my treo with my macbook with no problems. over all for $225 + shipping and handling of $20 i have to say that this was a real bargain.
i am in love with this phone!first off, the palm functionality is wonderful! the address book and calendar all work excellently, and the cross-functions are greatimprovements include sms messaging, which is much faster and now includes hyperlinks for phone numbers and web addresses, unlike the treo 600the web on here is faster ---- the screen is crisperhowever, bluetooth is the best new feature ----- wireless data transfer is, usually, quick, and the wireless headphones are greatlastly - many have complained that the phone is too slow with its functions and unstable --- however, ever since the system software was updated to 1.12, it has made the phone much quicker and much more stable!ordering a new phone today should come with that 1.12 software built into it, alreadyi am a former treo 300 and 600 user, and the 650 is a wonderful upgrade and worth every penny, considering the bluetooth and software improvementsalso - if you're going gsm, then the unlocked model is a great idea, as this model can work on any gsm network in the world, depending on which sim card you useso buy it!!! - you won't be sorryps - the cardo scala bluetooth earpiece is the best earpiece out there for this phone
yeah it's a sim card and well my phone doesn't have 3g so i don't really care that it works with 3g because it doesn't matter.i don't know why they want reviews on sim cards. i find sim cards outdated though, they are massive compared to micro sd cards and yet they hold next to no information when compared.the only reason sim cards are good is because they go in gsm phones and if you unlock your phone you can cart it off to another service provider without issue. especially quad band phones.
they send you a whole credit card sized piece of plastic with this. it's like when there is christmas and the kids only want to play with the box. yeah, somehow it's exactly like that.
it was so much easier to buy this off amazon than to go a store and have to deal with the sales person.  amazon you rock.
when i got my new lg xenon through amazon, they sent me a new sim card, too.  i didn't change it out right away as when i put my old sim card in my new phone it worked.  but then, a few weeks later, i tried to add a data feature to my phone from the at&t; website and i had some problems.  the data feature wouldn't add.  when i called at&t;, they figured it was because i was still using my old sim card, so i put the new card in at that time and everything worked ok from then on.i'm guessing (and i'm really just guessing here...) that along with other things that the new sim card does, it also somehow allows at&t; to make sure that the folks that have phones that must use a $30 data package get a $30 data package.  this is totally a guess on my end, but that was the feeling i got from customer service when i called.made me wonder if a used iphone would work on the network and if using an old sim card if you would not have to get the data package from at&t.;  of course, then you would be limited to connecting to a wireless connection (like a computer) for email and internet, but then not everyone needs email and the internet all the time. but, maybe this would be cheating at&t;?  if you buy an iphone used and connect over at&t;, are you contracted to use the $30 data package no matter what?anyway, i'm sure i'm missing data here, because this is not very clear, but i thought it was interesting...  the new sim card is working fine now.
this is exciting stuff... wooo hooo. i plug the new 3g sim card in my new blackberry bold and yes it works. :)
over the years, my household has tried multiple bluetooth solutions for our hands-free communications needs. we've had acceptable results from a solution integrated into gps...but much of our regular driving doesn't include the need to load up a full-size gps. we've had acceptable results from a visor-mounted bluetooth speaker unit, but let's face it: sometimes we want to hold conversations that don't include everybody in the car:-)the plantronics voyager 510 has proven its value overs more than three years of demanding use. it fits comfortably over your ear excellent incoming and outgoing audio clarity. best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time. i can generally count on more than a week between charges, even during periods of heavy use.we liked this enough to buy three...one for each driver in the house.
usually i don't have time to write reviews but this time i decided to do it simply to help others like me who tried many different headsets by motorola and thought that probably there is nothing good on the market yet. i received  this one as a gift from my friend and love it for two simple reasons:1) the sound quality is excellent. despite the fact that it is very noisy in my car when i drive on the highway, i still can hear excellent. i actually do reduce volume on the headset because it has more volume potential than i need. i tried two headsets by motorola in the past, including hs850. they also have volume button but even when you set to the maximum volume you can't hear well if you in a noisy environment. plantronics provide you great quality and enough volume for any noisy environment. also, everyone whom i talked to, told me that they can hear me very well, just like i speak without the headset.2) reason number two - it sits perfectly on the ear. it is easy to insert it when you drive, and once it in, it stays there. it doesn't move at all. unlike motorola headset, that does not fall off but it moves on your ear and it takes a long time to get used to the fact that it is not falling off your ear. plantronics also provides three different sizes of the pieces that you insert to your ear, makes it perfect to fit any size or shape.that is all i have to say. there is a good headset out there. you don't need to wait any more.
no complaints from this headset.  it's comfortable in the ear, has a mute function and works flawlessly with my ps3 and krazr!
we have tried everything from the moto-850 to the other plantronics and after seeing this in a gold box deal thought what the heck.  to my amazement it has been really a fantastic headset. easy to pair, easy to adjust volume, great battery life, very clear even with wind noise and city sounds around, and last but not least it has an indicator light that does not look like an emergency strobe (i hated my mot-850 for that at night it would reflect off the glass and the dash in the car or the side window and drive you insane...)all and all a 5 star unit
i have a samsung d807.it's a piece of cake to set up.  it's very comfortable.  i think it looks cooler than those other ones that look humongous in your ear.  so far, no one is able to tell when i'm using it or when i'm talking into the phone.my wife and i have the same phone/headsets, and we've used them together without any interference.
great sound quality in the car. people hear me ok even with the music in the car (not blasting), and when the windows are slightly open.it's a little larger the i expected but comfortable even over glasses. (yes don't forget that your glasses will interfere with most over-the-ear setups.power button is hard to press, because it doesn't go in, it kinda shifts to the side and you do not get a nice click response(audio or otherwise).
****updated on oct. 18, 2010*sigh*i really tried to make this work for me but it just is not worth the hassle.  as previously speculated, i wonder if wearing glasses is the reason for the poor fit. i traveled quite a bit last weekend and found that, more often than not, my headset disconnected itself from my phone after a call.  my hands-free-device turned into a pull-over-and-muck-with-it-after-each-call burden.  maybe i didn't have some obscure setting correct but i looked all over and couldn't find one.  maybe mine was defective, i'm not sure but it was really more trouble than it was worth.  in almost ten years of ordering from amazon i am taking advantage of the return policy for the first time.i found a different headset at 73% off but still $40 (orig $150 / plantronics discovery 925 bluetooth earpiece in gold) and it comes with its own chargeable case. never seen a case that not only protects but also charges!  other colors are a bit more. check that one out if you wear glasses.  it fits into the ear, not over the top, so i am hoping for a better fit.* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *i was expecting more after reading the reviews.let me first say that the sound quality is excellent.  sent myself a voice-mail while rolling the windows up and down on the freeway without an appreciable loss of sound quality!  amazing in itself but you could barely tell the difference from "all windows up" and "driver/passenger window down."however.... i wear glasses and have a rounder face.  it is difficult to place the earpiece on my ear with glasses on.  the bulky part doesn't sit well on my glasses' frame.  the mouthpiece is not adjustable.  i have fuller cheeks and the mic comes in contact with my face.  not sure why it was made that way since not all faces are the same.  the control buttons are also difficult to manage while driving.  the main control on the side is fine but the tiny on/off and volume buttons were hard to find and press without dislodging the unit.  i turn it on before i place it on my ear.  maybe that has something to do with it sitting on my eyeglasses frame. i do like the sound quality and will continue to use it for a while before coming back to update.  if it doesn't work well for me i'm sure one of my kids will like it.  (i ended up returning it.  see above)would also recommend getting a case for it to corral the charger and unit in one place.
i have owned several bluetooth cell phone headsets, and the plt 510 is the best so far. it fits my ear perfectly, i can wear it for hours without noticing it, and it gives great sound. i had no problem syncing it to my iphone, and although i haven't tried any other devices, i anticipate no problems.i only have two complaints:1. the on-off switch is very small and hard to use. i find that i have to push it with my thumbnail to make it work. if you have smaller fingers, you may have less of a problem.2. plantronics uses a proprietary connector for charging, while other manufacturers are switching to mini or micro usb. a proprietary charging interface means one more wire to carry with me.in summary, a great purchase.
the newer voyager pro is much, much better but this was a good bluetooth device in it's day. not as tough as i would have liked though.
this is a very good bluetooth headset, however i recently purchased a newer plantronics as the sound quality and smartphone compatibility has changed since i bought this one. i still use this with one of my cellphones and it has lasted over 3 years now.
after using a low-end jabra bluetooth for the past year, this plantronics voyager is so welcome!  it paired easily with my phone and with the different ear cushions, you can have one custom for your ear canal.while i found it to fit easily onto my ear and hold well, my boyfriend who has his ears more flat against his head had a hard time hooking it on his ear and having it stay there without much adjustment needed.  also, he said that it was too bulky for his liking, but i like it just fine!the sound quality is great, i can hear others well and i'm told that i come through very clearly.  i have had it for almost 2 months and only had to charge it once besides that first time and i use it everyday for 1-2 hours each time - that's good battery life!
this works well and is comfortable, vs the couple of mot headsets i bought, which were horible. the volume level is good for me, and i have hearing loss, so that's impressive as well. the contols are easy to use. i'm using this with an older mot v330. highly recommended for both the performance and price. oh, contrary to another reviewers suggestion, it will not fit into a mint tin due to it's width. i haven't found a good hard-case solution for it yet.update on 8/16/08:i thought i lost my 510, so after reviewing all the newer units, i bought another one! the newer models appear to be riddled with minor bugs & issues, so why not stick with a winner? i'm now using this with my t-mobile dash and it works great for the voice command features. my office was trying to decide on which model to go with, so we ordered up a half a dozen latest models of headsets. i added my own to the evaluation pool. after two weeks of testing, almost everyone liked the 510 better than all the rest, so we ordered up 20 of them! if this model was discontinued and i needed a new headset, i'd go with the latest "jawbone"; which worked fine, had better wind resistance, but didn't have quite the all-day comfort or inherent design durability of the 510. hope this helps!
i really love this product. it is easy to use and very comfortable on ear. i forget that i have it on after sometime.the quality of sound is very good, i can clearly hear the person i am talking to. and it seems that they can hear me as well.but what i like the most is the price. very affordable for the quality. so i am very satisfied with my headset.thank you!
i have owned this 510 for almost four years and have worn it nearly eight hours every day.  i have been very satisfied.  the cons for this ear piece are it does not block wind and background noise very well.  my ear buds are getting very loose after four years, so i am ordering another set of those.  i also ordered a new pro plus headset after watching the product demo in the wind tunnel.  very convincing.  i will rate the new headset after i try it out.  at any rate, you can't go wrong with  the 510.
this headset generally works, though there was times i needed to re-pair it. my problems with it that are:1) its hard to turn off - if you pay attention you can turn it off easy enough, but nothing like the motorola h700 where you just flip the boom.2) it's big! it's comfy enough on your ear, but its huge in your pocket and since things stick out of it, its hard to get out of your pocket.3) flashing blue light is way too bright! when is dark and i'm in the car, i keep thinking that the cops are behind me the way it blinks so brightly. it disturbed my passengers too.4) wind tolerance - it's better than my h700, but its still too noisy to hold a conversation in any level of wind.i'm sending mine back and getting another h700.
i've only had this unit for about 24 hours, but i really like it.  these are my initial impressions, and i compare this to the motorola h680 as overall about equal, very similar to the findings by a major consumer-oriented organization as to these two bluetooths.i gave my used h680 away to a friend of mine because she was driving me crazy always speaking to me over her speaker phone while driving.  she used the speaker phone out of necessity because in california you can not put the phone to your ear while driving, and her bluetooth's battery had died.  my friend is not mechanically adept and i would've kept the h680 otherwise.  it is smaller and more convenient to use than this plantronics, but i feel the sound quality with this unit is better.  this unit takes some adjustment so i hope the following comments will be of benefit to those of you who purchase this unit:1.  thoroughly read the instruction booklet.2.  thoroughly read the instruction booklet.3.  once you have thoroughly read the instruction booklet (it's not lengthy) and you get past setting it for your left ear (if that is your desire), the only major thing to do is to determine which of the three eartips is best for you.  this is important for comfort and i suggest that you start with the smallest tip and work your way up.  i am using the smallest tip-it works best for me.though the unit appears to be somewhat awkward looking, it really is not uncomfortable on the ear if you accustom yourself to placing the eartip comfortably in your ear first (contrary to the booklet and as if the unit did not contain the curved attachment)-the rest will follow.sound is crisper than with the h680, and appears louder.you can't go wrong with either, but i think i like this one more.update:  1/7/10  sound is definitely better with this unit, and it appears to hold charge longer than h680.  voyager is definitely larger than h680.  when you get past that, and realize the benefits of sound quality and longer use on a charge, you might favor, as i do, the voyager 510.  it's quite enjoyable not to have to repeat myself when transmitting - no one on receiving end has complained about poor sound quality!
after going through more headsets that i care to recall, i have finally found one that not only works reliably, but also is comfortable, inexpensive, and offers superior performance.pairing is a little tricky - be sure to save the little instruction card, as the combination of buttons is not intuitive, imo.the battery life is excellent in both standby and talk mode - i am constantly amazed at how long this thing can sit in my car's center console unused and still be ready to go for a long conversation once paired.  by the way, pairing with the iphone is flawless - it seamlessly pairs and unpairs, switching easily even between paired headsets (or in my case a jabra speakerphone and this headset).the only reason i have not given in 5 stars is the *#$&^ proprietary charging connector.  why, oh why do companies insist on reinventing the wheel constantly???  please just let me use one of the bazillion mini-usb adapters i already have!!!value:  5 starsperformance: 5 starsreliability: 5 starscomfort/fit: 4 starsdesign:  2 stars (only because of the charging adapter!)
this is the first headset that i ever bought that did not come with any instructions i can not load it on my phone
the voyager 510 is my first experience with a bluetooth headset. been using it the last couple of months; ever since california instituted its "hands-free" law on july 1, 2008.has been working pretty well overall. fits reasonably well to my ears. can be fitted on either ear with the swivel action.a minor complaint would be that the sound quality could be a little better. but not bad though.hard to go wrong with this choice.
i purchased this headset about a year ago and have been very pleased with it. it pairs up well and has a good amount of range before it unpairs - oftentimes much further than the 30ft advertised.it does not offer the noise reduction i expected (hence the 4 stars). otherwise it is great.i have not tried the voice dialing, but everything i have done works well.
outstanding quality.  this is the second plantronics headset i've owned.  all of them have been wonderful.  the little foam boots they sell to reduce wind noise don't work.  i wear mine everyday and almost all day.  very comfortable and light weight.
had a motorola and didn't care much for it. my plantronics is a better fit and more comfortable. it is a little bulky compared to motorola. so far happy with it. works decent in noisy conditions but the ear piece is much more clear and loud compared to the motorola.
pros:* i love the fit. very balanced and hard to lose while working out. a big plus over the motorola h700 i had before that was always falling off. this is significant because this is a replacement for the h700 i lost jogging in the rain.* outbound voice quality is reported superior to my old motorola by my friends.* incoming sound is as good as the motorola and actually a bit better when you account for the fit to ear seal.cons:* claims of 6 hours of talk time are greatly inflated.  more like 3 right off the charger. this is a problem. now i need a car charger for it.* too many buttons and not intuitive. not responsive sometimes to commands. sluggish switching.* the ear pieces cost you a certain amount of ambient hearing of your environment. whatever size you use, it still really cuts down on your hearing of the world around you on that side. compared to the "floppy" motorola, this is extreme. the motorola had no impact on hearing that i would notice.the talk time is my biggest complaint. the rest is just nitpicking.
i got this because i used plantronics headsets at work and love the quality + the price was awesome. this solves the main purpose of the bluetooth - to enable handsfree conversation with quality audio. the voice quality is very good - people hear me very clearly and i too hear them clearly (at times, the volume seems to be a bit low but i do not know if it is because the other side is not speaking close into the phone or it is a problem with this). pairing with the iphone was a breeze. you can pair with 2 devices at the same time (i tried 2 phones, but i would like to add a phone and my laptop so i can take softphone calls on my laptop without an extended headset).i noticed that it disconnects from the phone after some time (less than an hour) of non-use. the first few days, i was always powering it off and on to re-establish the connection or going to the phone settings to reconnect and i was going to return it; however, one day i wanted to try pressing and holding the talk button for 2 seconds and bingo - it reconnects. so i don't have to power it off/on to reconnect.i am not sure if this is a feature of the iphone or this device but i love the voice control - i press the talk button for 2 seconds to activate the voice control on my iphone and i can say the number or name i want to dial and it dials for me. so now i am 100% hands-free while driving i use voice control all the time to dial people.i gave a 4 rating because this is not as comfortable as the motorola h720 that i got for my wife (h720 is true over the ear headset - nothing going into your ear - you can read my review for that product on amazon). getting on the ear is a bit difficult - need 2 hands usually.for folks that want to listen to music from your iphone/bberry, please note that this headset is not a2dp enabled. i.e. you cannot stream music to your headset from your smartphone. if that is important for you, you can try jabra bt8040 (i owned 8010 until i lost it, and i liked that - plantronics or motorola h720 voice quality was better than my old 8010 though).
the last bluetooth headset i used was a motorola something-or-the-other, and frankly i was underwhelmed. a few years later, i tried theplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset [retail packaging], and it was amazing. for the most part, people can't tell that i'm on a bluetooth headset!the pros: great audio quality! good battery life.the cons: i only wish it had a better earpiece... on that really goes into my ears, like mysony mdr-xb20ex 9mm high sensitivity driver extra bass ex earbuds. the volume and mute buttons are kinda small and hard to reach/press.those are just small details though. overall i am impressed.
this unit replaced a motorola hs850 conscripted by my wife :-)it's better than the hs850 in the following ways:1) people hear me better.  mic is really good.2) when the unit fits properly, audio amplification is betterit's worse than the hs850 in that:1) it doesn't fit as well.  i find myself readjusting it throughout the day2) it doesn't synchronize instantaneously with my mpx220 like the hs850 did.  it always syncs eventually (15-60 seconds).battery life is a tie.  both are ok, but not as long as i would like (i've had to recharge mid-day a few times.  1-1.5 hours of talk appears to be the limit).
this is my 3rd bluetooth. works very well, my others had lots of static and noise, this has minimal noise. also fits very well to my ear.only thing i don't like, when i'm outside, for some reason the wind interfears with my reception, i can't hear the person i'm talking too, and they can't hear me. works great indoors though. would recommend.
i've tried the motorola ones and either i couldn't hear or the person on the other end couldn't hear (usually both).  i bought this based on a recommendation of a realtor that swore by it, and to be honest, i have only had occasional trouble with it.  it's comfortable to wear, it's easy to hear, the other person hears me.  i wear it most of the day, on project sites, while driving, even at home.  it works as expected and i'm very pleased with the results.  if you need a bluetooth, this is the one.
definitely a good buy, especially as the price keeps dropping!  excellent sound.  i have it paired with a razr, and it was fairly straightforward, after i carefully re-read and understood the instructions :-)i wish they had made it easier to fold and put in a pocket (and also that it shut off easily like some of the moto models). also note that if you use the little foam tip for the mouthpiece, it can fall off way too easily.
i have tested many bluetooth headsets. this one sets the bar pretty high.  the battery life is wonderful usually outlasting a phone charge by a factor of two. it is generally compatible with just about all the regular phones.  if you have a palm os phone, pick a different headset as this may work, but has some issues that i find are difficult to live with.the good: this is a very durable headset (mine went through the washer and dryer and still works after it dried out for a few days).  the multiple options for ear pieces, flexibility of the design (switching ears without carrying extra accessories), compatibility with lots of phones, antenna design solving cross body communications for some phones, charging options with usb and power (you can wear it while charging comfortably), and battery life all are great. it connects to 2 devices at a time though you can obviously only answer one of them at a time.the bad: (all minor) the wind smart does not work that great.  i have yet to find a bluetooth headset that can handle direct wind noise and this is no exception. it does better than most but remote parties still complain. every headset i have tested fails here. this is difficult to distinguish between mute on the headset and power off. i tuned it off a few times on accident when trying to mute.  oops. the mute also does not alert you frequently enough that it is on, but you can still mute from the phone separately without issues.  pairing is simple, but not just a one button option.i would suggest this headset to users looking for a good headset for most devices. consider other options with palm os phones.
great wind noise reducing headset.  works well in any condition. light weight even though it appears to be bigger than some units.  most comfortable fitting headset i've ever used. if i had one negative thing to say it would be that sometimes people tell me that i need to speak up while using the device but that is very rare and could possibly have to do with me and not the device itself.
it's big, and bulky. works okay. bought a sony that works great, and is small.
many good things have been written about this product and i agree with most.  i would like to comment on the things i didn't see a lot of before i purchased.1.  talk time: i'm on the phone 3000 to 5000 minutes per month as a director of business development.  about 6 hours per day talk time is all you get.  not good, not bad, pretty much on par with the other 3 bt headsets i've owned. i will say that it seems this unit charges more quickly than the other i've owned.2.  i wear glasses:  it fits ok with them. the only problem comes when you remove your glasses with the headset on; the headset is prone to fly off. i can tell you that the unit is durable after several such flights.3.  comfort:  i'm a "big guy," 285 lbs.  comfort didn't come quickly for me.  i still need to change ears a couple of times a day.  however, after around 30 days it is much better and i expect one day i'll not even know it is there.4.  sound:  good most of the time.  better than the others i've owned.  loud.  if you drive the highway this one works well.  background noise is reduced but not eliminated; and unlike another background reducing headset i own (from plantronics also) there is no delay on call pick-up... nice!5.  props to plantronics.  by pressing the volume + key as you turn the unit on, the blinking blue light gets turned off (and on), this is important to me because people look like cyborgs walking around blue blinking in public (not professional at all).6. on/off:  i thought it would be a problem after the things i read.  i have big fingers.  not a problem; maybe they enhance it some from older models.that's it; mostly all good except comfort which seems to be coming around.
i am not only please with the product but also the cost i got it at.
great sound, great transmission. lightweight, comfortable.  maybe not the easiest to get on as it curls around the ear...or i'm just challenged.  however, once mounted, it's pretty secure!linking to my lg 8300 cell phone was a breeze.
bought this with the unit that converts your desk phone to a bluetooth compatible headset - best buy for the money!  i talk on the phone most of the day when in the office, and use both the desk line and my cell phone.  the system allows me to use the same headset for both.  good battery life.
this is, by far, the best bluetooth headset i have ever owned. i've tried all the motorola ones, and they pale in comparison to the plantronics. you can see by all the positive reviews that this thing is amazing.  i can walk all over my house while my phone is in one spot, and talk without any interference.  the only problem is that i always forget where i put my phone!  the range on this headset is truly amazing.the sound quality is amazing as well.  no one can ever tell i'm on a headset. and once you start using this, you'll soon wonder how you ever lived without it. i can't tolerate holding a phone to my ear anymore because this headset makes life so much easier.and i've had mine for over two years without any problems. i accidentally forgot i left it in my sweatshirt pocket and washed it, and it still works!  i couldn't believe it.  sure, the battery life suffers after years of use, but they're so cheap that it's no problem at all to get a new one.my only complaint is that the blue light on it is extraordinarily bright. i can't charge this thing at night without covering it up because it's like a blue lighthouse in my room.  and when it's on, the flashing blue light is very annoying in dark rooms (e.g. watching a movie).  that's really my only complaint.you really cannot go wrong on a bluetooth headset for such little money.  don't even think twice! i've recommended this heaset to about 10 different people, who all love it.
the plantronics voyager 510 is a good bluetooth headset for its current price.  however, depending on how you plan to use it, it could either become a great headset or a nightmare.the first thing you notice out of the box is that it's quite large, both in the size of the battery pack that hangs over your ear and especially the depth of the microphone.  put another way, it sticks out quite a bit from your cheek rather than laying flat against your face.  this not only can cause some sound quality issues, but also makes it very conspicuous.  so, if you prefer to keep a low profile while working hands-free, this may not be the best one for you.  the size of the piece that hangs over your ear also makes wearing glasses or even a hat an issue.  all that said, the unit is very comfortable provided you don't have anything else hooked over your ear.  it's also easily configured for either ear.sound quality can be very good, but only in quiet environments.  even small amounts of wind noise will render the microphone useless.  i've been surprised to have people complain to me that voicemails that i've left have been all broken up, even when i was in what i thought was a quiet place.i've also found that reception will be spotty unless the phone is placed closer than normal to the headset.  for instance, in order to maintain good signal, i typically have to have my phone in my shirt pocket.  but on the plus side, the unit is very easy to set up, with a variety of phones and pdas immediately connecting to it with no effort.this headset would be ideal for someone who is looking to use it exclusively in an indoor office while working hands-free.  you'd get optimal sound and would be able to connect to all of your devices quickly and easily.  you wouldn't even feel self-conscious about the unit's size.  but for those on the go, its reception and microphone quality are too poor to recommend.pros*  excellent battery life means very little downtime for charging*  simple to set up - instantly compatible with numerous devicescons*  sound quality from the microphone, especially in places with even minimal background noise*  big, bulky design makes fit difficult, especially with glasses or a hat
this little ugly-ish set is still ruling the market with great sound quality for both its owners and people they talk to.  i have owned or tested several supposedly great bluetooth sets with several different phones and devices including iphone 3g, motorola razr and l6, blackberry 7100i, two different laptops (skype) and playstation 3, and no other headset performed as well as plantronics voyager 510.in parallel with this device i had three different jabras including bt250, bt500 and jx10 and neither one comes close to the sound quality and wind tolerance of voyager 510.  i also learned of a number of users including my boss who switched from jawbone 1 and 2 to this or discovery 925 set due to fit, comfort and sound issues, so i never even bothered to buy a jawbone.  with plantronics voyager 510, people i talk to can't even tell i'm using a bluetooth headset; not even when i'm driving, which i find amazing.  since it's been over four years in my never ending quest for the perfect bluetooth headset that i constantly keep researching and reverting to this little "mule", i just have to give it five stars in spite of its mainly cosmetic flaws.here's why i got to appreciate this somewhat clumsy set so much:1. good output volume and quality. when i'm using plantronics voyager 510, people i'm talking to can't tell i'm on a cell phone with a bluetooth headset - not even when i'm driving (windows closed). the case was the opposite when i was using jabras, when i used to hear complaints about noise, static and low volume of my voice.2. good and controllable earphone volume. it can reasonably well deal with traffic noise when i'm walking outside my downtown chicago office. i can set the volume really loud, so the only case when i cannot hear my partner is when i'm walking too close to a moving train. my usual volume setting is around 1/3.3. this set's microphone tolerates wind better than the jabras mentioned above which used to produce a great deal of wind noise whenever i was encountering a breeze. in addition, if i know i'll be outside in a windy environment i can put the included microphone sponge on.4. good battery life. i don't have to charge it often.5. although it seems very light and gentle in my hands, it handles everyday folding and switching between my shirt pocket and both my ears very well.6. no problems with long usage, unlike jabra bt250, which used to irritate the skin on the back of my ear if i used it too long or too often.i never heard about plantronics before buying this headset and i grew to appreciate it a lot more after years of usage. only recently i discovered that plantronics has a long history with headsets and that even the apollo missions used their headsets on the moon. makes sense. "one small set for man, one giant leap away from other bt headsets. houston, we have no problem".
this is my 3rd bluetooth headset and my 2nd plantronics.plusses: works really well with my phone, even up to 20' away. i've dropped it lots of times and it's holding up nicely. easily adjusts to either ear. turns on & off easily.negatives: people complain they can't hear me on a regular basis (even when there isn't noise around me). is awful with wind noise. is much clunkier than my last plantronics (330). my phone knows it's there but is often very slow to transfer over to the headset.overall, i am disappointed with the headset - other than the range between it & the phone, it's is not as good as the plantronics 330.
i bought one for work and used it for a year or more with no complaints, so i bought one for my wife and she uses it constantly and loves it.  highly recommended.
i've heard great things about this, so i tried it. everything is great about it, except two things that made me want to return it.first, there is a little bit of crackling once my phone is across my body on my hip, and that is annoying to me because i've had some that never do that. i've noticed that plantronics and jabra tend to have this issue regularly with their headsets. the other thing is that it is bulky, and i prefer something a little more pettite.it does have good battery life and noise cancellation. so, it's a matter of preference when it comes to the things i disliked about it!
as many people complained, i found this headset's microphone was very weak. the other person can not hear me at all.  so i contacted plaintronics for repair.  their repair process has no tracking, just sending in your headset to an address.  two weeks later, i received a used one back, not the one i sent in, packaged in an oem box. although this one has better microphone than the new one i sent in, it battery is not very reliable to hold charge, also the battery portion is kind of loose.i can not recommend plantronics product at all.
this has to be one of the best headsets out there, i have used many and this unit has to be one to beat. no issues whatsoever, great quality and easy to use..
very good sounding both ways but not usable in 18 wheeler. mic is overwhelmed by the 75 to 100db of ambient background noise. good noise canceling in other environments.not good outside in wind even with new mic grill.
it took me just a little time to get used to this headset but i do love it. i have to admit that for the price, it works really well. sometimes, it loses connection even though the power is on and bluetooth is blinking blue light, but if you reset it, it reconnects. sometimes, i have not heard calls come in so reliability for me has been around 95%. i am giving it 4 stars because for the price and comfort, it works quite well. watch out for battery drainage on the cell so if not using, make sure to power off the bluetooth power on to off. it is a concern not to lose it - it's small and without wires. i left it in the juice store but it was right there when i went back (lucky me)!i highly recommend it overall!
this product has done alot for me. i've used it with multiple phones and even my ps3 and it has never failed on me. great quality headset! easy to use and to link to. dont regret buying it.
i have used this headset with my nokia 6620 and with my pc, and it works great with both, switching back and forth easily by telling either the pc or the phone to connect with it.  light crackling on occasion when 802.11b is active in the area, but not terribly noticeable.  sound quality is great indoors.  the great thing is the comfort; i find that i can wear it all day long, even though it's not the smallest or lightest headset.
i chose this product based on reading many reviews of plantronics and motorola headsets primarily on amazon. i am very happy with my purchase. as others have said, most will never know you are on a headset. the battery lasts all day, so having a charger with me during the day has never been even remotely necessary. i've talked 3 or 4 hours some days, and had it on all day when i'm not talking, and have never run the battery down. i do charge it when i get home each evening. the volume is more than enough (and i'm a bit hard of hearing). it's comfortable so i just leave it on most of the time when i'm at work. it works equally well in either ear. it connects quickly and works great. sometimes it seems a bit hard to get on, but other times it just slips into place. but we're talking sometimes it takes 10 seconds of fiddling to get it over my ear just right. usually, it just slips on. i wear glasses and i think that's most of the issue there. highly recommended and i would purchase this again w/o question.
this is my second voyager 510.  the first one i had was great, but the charge wasn't lasting anymore, so i ordered this as a replacement....very disappointed with the clarity of the unit.  lots of static in the background on my end.  people on other end don't seem to hear it, so i just deal with it.
i've had this headset for about almost a year and it works flawlessly. it is quite comfortable to wear with right size ear bud. only complaint i have is it's bit too large.
i don't know if it's just me, but every time i buy a blue-tooth it's only great for a couple of months. read the reviews and was excited but slowly performance diminished.
this bluetooth headset works great and the only reason that i did not give it 5 stars is because sometimes it takes a little bit to establish a connection with my cell phone.  however, this rarely happens and have had this problem with other bluetooth headsets.  setup is extremely easy and have had no other problems with the device.
i have small ears and sometimes have to use this gadget for 8 hour conference calls.  for this reason comfort and battery life are paramount.  it stays pretty comfortable and the battery will go about 4-6 hours.  i think that's about the most you can expect from a bluetooth headset.
i work for verizon wireless in their tech support department and i have yet to use a better bluetooth headset. i've owned 4 over the last year; a jabra, a motorola, this one and another plantronics. and i've used several different ones over time in the testing process, and this is easily the best i've used. the earlier plantronics was also very good as well. the jabra didn't have very good noise-reduction and the motorola was a terrible purchase altogether. but this headset i can say with ease is superb. great sound, it picks up very little in the way of ambient noise, and the charge lasts forever, seemingly!update: when i originally purchased this device over 2 years ago, i di have to replace it back in july. why? because i had it in a messenger bag that got stepped on. i used it just about every day, and the only reason i had to get a new headset is because it was physically damaged. guess which headset i got to replace it? the same one! if the previous one worked for over 2 years and only stopped working because it got stepped on, then this is the one i'm sticking with for as long as they make them.
i first bought a headset for $30.  it worked well for about 10 (maybe 12) minutes and then fell apart.  so, i would not suggest considering anything under $100.unless you consider this one.when i returned my first headset to fry's electronics i asked them what their most popular model was.  the sales guy said it was the plantronics 510.  i tried it on and it felt really good.  i've been using it for about two months now and i love it to pieces.  it works as well now as it did the moment i bought it (actually, better, because it needed a charging).positives:1)  comfort.  this was the biggest attribute i was looking for as i wear this a lot.  after putting it on i usually forget it is there within two minutes.  it is light weight and very easy on the ears.  i only remember when somebody calls me and i hear the beeping in my ears.  with a flick of the wrist, this easily converts between the left and right ear and both feel extremely comfortable.2)  sturdy.  i travel a lot and airports are not kind to any belongings, especially ones crammed into a bag.  but this thing has taken its lickings and keeps on going.  must better than the first one i bought which fell apart over nothing.3)  great sound quality.  i've used this at airports, casinos, and convention centers.  i can always hear my party without any problems and i've never had anybody complain that they can't hear me.4)  simple to work.  probably the most difficult thing about this is getting it recognized by the phone.  and that isn't complicated at all as that only took me 2 minutes, and most of that was searching for directions on how to do it.  picking up the phone is as easy as hitting a button.on a side note, i have two bluetooth cellphones and i can switch between the two automatically without any hassle.  because of this ease of switching over i am considering getting the phone base so i can use this on my office line at home as well.  i know somebody who uses it and she has no problems with it.negatives:1)  i wish there was a way to turn off the blinking blue light.  it drives me crazy especially while driving at night.  half the times i see it blink i think  i'm getting pulled over.  also, it keeps blinking whether you are using it or not so i usually cover it with a hand towel when it is charging at night.  but this seems to be inherent of any bluetooth device.2)  ummmm.... i can't think of any other negatives.so, i highly suggest checking this one out.  i can't say that this is for everybody because i've learned that no two ears are exactly alike.  the biggest thing i was looking for was comfort.  while this is completely comfortable for me it might not be for you.  but if you find it comfortable then i would highly recommend picking this up over anything else especially since the price is soooo right.
i have owned four bluetooth headsets. this is by far the most comfortable and easiest to use. i have no problems with sore ears as with my other models (motorola, jabra bt350 and bt800) and sometimes forget that i am wearing it. good sound quality, fits well, stays on no matter what. the perfect headset!
i bought this on a reccomendation of a friend.  my brother bought a motorolla earpiece for about $30 more than i paid for mine.  he hates his and i love mine.  most people never realize i am talking to them through a headset.  you get 3 ear speakers of different sizes so you attach the one that is most comfortable for your ear.best addition to my cell phone i have ever bought.
definitely a much better headset than the other two motorola models that i also own -- it is loud, clear and the battery lasts a good two days between stand-by and light/medium use. it is a little larger in size but it is light in weight and comfortable for extended wear (3-4 hours at a time).there is one drawback, the unusual power cord/plug. after only 1-2 months of use, the headset started to not charge properly unless the plug is connected to the bottom of the headset just right.***10/2008***i liked it so much, i bought one for my wife. unfortunately, hers die within 2 months with very light use. and, i mean 'light' -- it spent most of its life sitting on her nightstand. the light indicator went dark (not turned off) and it wasn't picking up her voice when she speaks into it. we returned it for a replacement and this one appears to be working just fine.
i've used the plantronics voyager 510 for a few months and have been quite satisfied with the length of the battery charge, reception, volume, and ability for others to hear me speak clearly.  the size of the headset is large compared to other headsets on the market and this is the only downside to this item.  other headsets may look "sleek", "chic", or more "cool", but if good earpiece volume and clear transmission of your voice is critical, this is the headpiece for you.  if the size of the headset the goes behind the ear was slightly slimmer, i'd give it a full five stars.  the interchangeable earbuds are somewhat tricky to remove once installed.  that's the only other downside to this unit.  otherwise, a great headset.  i enjoy mine a great deal.update to my previous review (august 2010): after using this headset for over two years, i'm still fairly satisfied.  the only problems i've had was one of the earbuds was broken off after i mistakenly put the earpiece in my briefcase with several items the pressed against it.  fortunately, there are two other earbuds included with the headset and i easily replaced the broken one.  also, after a period of time, i've noticed the foam cover for the earbuds tends to split at the seam.  if you're purchasing this headset for the first time, it may be worth your money to buy and extra earbud/foam covers set.  another problem is the headset momentarily disconnecting with my cell phone, then connecting back.  at this time, i don't know whether that is a result of problems with the headset or the phone.  otherwise, it has served me well and i've yet to have had anyone tell me that my voice was difficult to hear or understand while conversing in a variety of noisy conditions.  considering how long i've used this headset and it's performance to date, i can still recommend it to potential buyers.another update to my previous review (september, 2010).  since my last update, another issue has arisen with this headset.  the rubber material that houses the wiring and is the part that bends over your ear, has cracked in two areas.  one is closer to the top (near the on/off switch), the other is at the end of the rubber "tube" just above the earpiece.  at the latter location, the rubber is literally crumbling to pieces and exposing the wire cord within.  this is a very recent development and seems to be a part of decay based on age.  i realize after 2 1/2 years that no bluetooth headset will look like new, but if this deterioration keeps up, a significant portion of the wire that runs from the battery to the earpiece/mic will be exposed.  when taking the construction into consideration, there's no way to replace this portion of the headset.  short of wrapping the rubber in electrical tape (which would only give an unsightly and temporary fix), the only other solution is buying another one.  but, that doesn't make sense since the item is still in perfect working order, has a great earpiece with clear sound, and i've yet to have anyone complain about the quality of my voice through the mic, even when i was in a noisy environment.final update to two previous updates (september, 2010).  the problem i wrote about in my last update has made me decide to never consider this model again.  the rubber portion that fits over my ear literally crumbled into several pieces two days ago.  not only did this make the earpiece useless, but the wiring broke off from the circuit board that's in the piece that goes behind your ear.  long story short, don't buy this model and expect to get several years of use.  if you're lucky and very careful in the way you carry, store, & use this item, you'll be lucky to get two years of use out of it.  otherwise, i can't recommend it since there are so many other models that are equal to or better for less money.  i'll generously give it three stars...was tempted to give it only two, but the boom mic is an asset...noise reduction is better than average...but that's about all.
this unit has been very reliable over the last three years.  i've lost one and worn out the replacement.  it has suffered much abuse.  even the slightest breeze makes it unusable, thats my only complaint.  sound quality is very good and the ear piece fits me very well.
the technology couldn't be better. bluetooth conecteivity is simple to establish. the overall physical design is excellent. though it looks heavy, the unit is a featherweight and fits nicely around the ear. long-term wearing is comfortable. audio fidelity is excellent.where the unit fails badly, though, is the controls. they do not provide enough tactile input. you cannot be certain of where the volume control is or which end of the rocker switch increases or decreases the volume. since the volume defaults to moderately low setting, this means you are likely to miss the first words of whatever your caller is saying which in turn means a lot of asking "what did you say?".the call control button handles at least four different functions. on a phone equipped to handle all four functions, it is easy to mistakenly select a function. for example, on my phone, if i hold the call control button a fraction too long, the call is not answered, but the prompt to enter a voice speed dial entry is actuated. no fun when you are trying to answer a call.plantronics provides three earpiece inserts and it's unlikely that one of them won't provide a comfortable, snug fit.overall, excellent technology marred by poor ergonomics.jerry
item does work well as far as sound quality and setup ease. however ear loop is basically not adjustable at all, consequently making the ear piece itself to constantly work its way out of my ear and feel as if it were just hanging there... after days of pushing ear piece back into my ear canal and hoping the loop would give a bit. i returned it for exactly those reasons... great sound quality and no one i spoke to claimed to hear any distortion. just didn't fit well with no possible adjusting available...
you can tell by the other reviews that this headset works and pairs easily with most phones. it is a great device that has restored my faith in bluetooth technology.the other piece you should know is that this headset is extremely comfortable.  it is not the best looking, but the design distributes the weight evenly across your entire ear, not just the top.  it looks bulky and heavy, but the unit is very light.  other headsets i have tried don't stay on, flop around, or are just in general uncomfortable.  this one isn't - i put it on in the morning and pretty much forget that it is there the rest of the day.ok - the one flaw with this headset is the power button.  thankfully, you really only need to deal with it two times each day.  the problem isn't necessarily that it is small - which it is - but it has a hard point on it and the button is difficult to press down.i highly recommend this headset.  enjoy
like most people i have purchased multiple bluetooth headsets and struggled with poor reception, i can't hear the caller or they can't hear me.  this plantronics voyager 510 headset didn't have any of these problems.  the device simply worked and i have used it for years.the headset will operate for 6 hours of talk time and 100 hours of standby time and is ideal for me to use when traveling and especially when driving.  the noise canceling microphone worked well in that people could hear me but not all the background noise like wind or rain on the windshield.  the earpiece is comfortable to wear and is light enough that you forget you have it on.the headset has the feature to operate with two bluetooth devices simultaneously and the smart technology feature connects you to the proper device with a touch of a button.  the headset boom swivels to fit the location that is best for you and even folds into a small form for easy storage.  the head set will operate up to 33 feet from your bluetooth device so if your phone is in your briefcase or in the back seat of the car you can still take calls.the unit also features adaptive frequency hopping to find a free channel to avoid interference from other wifi/wlan sources.  i have tried about 10 bluetooth devices over the years and this one was simply the one that performed the best.
i had jabra when it first came out, its battery stopped charging after 10 months. so i got this one as a replacement, it too stopped charging after a year. this is the problem with all bt earpieces, its battery is not replaceable which can be done if the industry wants to. they make more money by selling the whole unit vs we pay 5-10 dollars to replace battery. this kind of practice is not sustainable. i'm now back to the wired headset.
i have been in the wireless industry for over 10 years. ive tried but failed several times to find a great bluetooth headset. until i came accross this unit.to simplify- it works perfectly! no outside noise, its lightweight and comfortable.most important, is that there is no outside interference.its the best unit i have used to date. i bought two of them. one for my wife and myself.i highly recomend this unit!!go get it!joel
we have two, and we love them. they work very well, like much better than the motorola's we had, and these are quite stylish and unobtrusive. now, i will say that i switch back and forth between the smallest ear piece and none at all - with it, it fits better and you can hear better, but it starts hurting a little after a while, have to take a break; without it, i can wear it all day, but, it dangles a little awkwardly and sound is sacrificed, a little, but certainly bearable.
easy to set up and use, excellent sound quality, light and comfortable.  you can't go wrong for the price.
no complaints here. excellent sound quality - the volume can be turned up nice and loud. fewest "bluetooth clicking noises" of any bluetooth device i've used. hardly hear them at all unless you walk to far away from the source.i have this voyager 510 paired with both my treo 650 and skype on my laptop (using the anycom usb 250 i reviewed previously) the headset picks up the call from whoever rings first every time. i love it!! skype call comes in, and the headset rings - call comes in on the treo 650 and the headset rings. what's not to like???i love the fit too - i think it's the best i've tried on. i also have the scala 700x which is about as light you could imagine in a headset. but, it's almost a little too light (and fragile). honestly, i like them both but need to have a backup. now that i think of it, i believe my wife just inherited a scala 700x.the 510 feels like it's built to take some abuse which i think is a plus and yet it's lighter than i expected - to be honest. it's been around for a little while so i was afraid it might be a little heavy. i'm pleasantly surprised that it's very light. i mean the fit is so perfect, you could go running while wearing it or certainly work out in the gym without any worries.i haven't put the "wind cancellation" to the test yet but i will and then i'll update this review. but, honestly, when i saw all the positive reviews here on amazon (1200 or so?) and many of them treo 650 users, i figured it was a fairly safe bet and i'm very satisfied with the purchase so far.the scala works great with the treo 650 too. it's hard to tell which one sounds louder - i'll experiment a little more and then write in once i have a winner.
this is my second headset replacing the motorola one that came with my cell phone.  people i call tell me that the sound is very clear on their end and cannot tell that i am using the headset - sounds just like i am talking into the phone.  that was not the case with the first one. i travel a lot and wear the headset for long periods.  my ear does not get tired or sore from having it on.  the headset seems well balanced and never seems like it is going to fall off regardless of what i am doing.  i also like that it folds flat for easy carrying in my shirt pocket.
wonderful bluetooth headset.  great sound and minimal background noise for those on the other end of the phone.  connected easily to my sanyo katana ii cellular phone as well as my bluetooth usb device for both use with both my skype and vonage talk accounts.  only complaint, the volume control could be easier to adjust.  i end up using the the volume control on the phone which is a bit easier and i can see where the level setting is at.
this is a good headset; nothing flashy, nothing top-of-the-line, but a good product that does its job. it's not one of the newer a2dp headsets that do audio other than a phonecall, but if you don't need that, it's good for just phonecalls. it's a little bulky, but sturdy and fits well.
let's just get down to it.  if you are reading this review because you are shopping for a new bluetooth headset, just go ahead and finishing reading the next couple sentences and then you can do what i did... buy the plantronics voyager 510 at amazon (for under $45.00 as of this review).  i own 10 different headsets and have used them all to make hundreds of calls in all types of environments, and since we can only really rate products on a curve, there is currently no better choice at this time (things will no doubt change one day).  it is the most stable, the most ergonomic, the most static free (there is no such thing as a completely static free wireless product), the most efficient with it's battery usage, most comfortable (a somewhat subjective attribute), the most bang for the buck, the most satisfying to use, and the most 5 star rated bluetooth headset money can buy.  i can only really complain about one thing... a very sensitive microphone that will pick up wind noise in moderately windy conditions (in spite of the noise cancelling technology), but this is certainly true with every headset that i have used and probably true with all headsets when you come down to it.
simply awesome, the best one i ever had, sticking to this one after 1 motorola, 1 nokia and 1 samsung.
i bought this to pair with a sony ericsson walkman phone, and have been disappointed.1) sound and voice quality are fine, but this thing is way too sensitive to wind.  i can't use it outside if there is any wind current, and even the air currents from my car's ac or heat are too much for it.2) most disappointingly, the microphone boom cracked in half after about 60 days.  i am working with plantronics' warranty department, but they need a "date code," which is unreadable without a magnifying glass.  i will update once i have some resolution.3) this device only works for the ericsson's phone functions, not music, because the walkman music functions use the "a2dp" bluetooth protocol, and the 510 is not a2dp compatible.  (yes, listening to music with just one earpiece could be lame, but i would love to have podcasts on my phone).  for a2dp, you need something like the jabra 8010 or 8040.4) contrary to some reviewers, i didn't have any problem using this with glasses.  it's a little heavy, but basically fine.
i am a moderate user, and this device will be charged long enough for me to go monday through friday at work.at work, i can have my cell phone (motorola v365) connected via bluetooth and setting up high enough that it can pick up a decent signal while i am moving around in poor signal areas. further, i keep my phone's ringer on 'silent' so coworkers don't know when i receive a phone call. the headset simply beeps in my ear, and i click it to take the call. if i am in a meeting or the boss is talking to me, i simply let it beep in my ear 4 or 5 times until the call goes to voicemail. no one even knows i had a call coming! if i am on the phone and someone important walks up to say something, i can easily stop responding to the person on my headset. they get the point pretty quickly, because they can hear the person i am talking to just about as clearly as i can!now, if you want a nice quiet conversation in a cubical, you can scoot up close to a flat object (i use my flatscreen monitor) and talk in a very low voice. the sound reflects off of the monitor, so it is easier for your caller to hear your low voice volume without cupping your hand over your mouth piece or without trying to hold the mouth piece closer to your lips.i liked this so much i bought one for my wife. her older phone (motorola v557) drops the bluetooth signal much more often than mine does. also, she goes outside more often than i do, and it seems like sunlight interferes with the bluetooth radio frequency. my wife loves keeping her phone on silent with the headset, because this way the baby doesn't wake up whenever a phone call comes in. my wife's complaint is that the signal gets dropped a lot, but she sometimes leaves the phone in the living room whenever she makes a quick trip to the bedroom - and that's just too far away.next, i bought one for my dad. but, he's one of those old timers that will never change. i can't seem to get him to put one of these 'new fangled things' on his ear. i guess these aren't for everyone! :)
this was great for the first 2 months.  month 3, it started dropping calls. by month 4, it was dropping more calls than it was answering.  i replaced it with another bluetooth, because i couldn't take it anymore.  i wouldn't recommend this.  i now have the samsung wep and after a few weeks, no problems as of yet.
great bluetooth headset. this is my second one - the first was stolen so i purchased one just like it.
i purchased this for my self to use with my motorola v3xx. i got home on the delivory day to find that my husband had fallen in love with it. he had allready paired it to his blackberry. i had to purchase this one for my self. i have had only one problem and my husband has the same one. we are not able to walk more than 10' from my phone before we get the crackeling sounds and loose the ability to communicate with the person on the phone. we love the sound quality! we love the quality we get on he other end. the person on the phone says it all sounds great.
the sound quality is tops both at the sending and receiving ends. however, the ear hook is on the thick side. this can be a problem for ears that lie close to the head - the earhook pushes the ear away from the head. first, this does create a rather odd looking mismatched pair of ears! second, it can become uncomfortable after prolonged use. it also poses a problem when wearing eyeglasses - one temple rests on top of the headset ear hook with the other at ear height. this causes the eyeglasses to rest lop-sided. so, buyer beware. the sound quality is great. the comfort issue could be a problem for you.
when i first got this headset, i originally rated it at 4 stars. i've had it for 5 months now, and i'd have to lower the rating to 3 stars. i really don't hear much better with the headset than i did the jabra headset i had before; it's a little better, but not worth the extra $45.00 in price. the other party can hear me better (which i attribute to the longer mic.), but they also hear everything going on around me too. the noise cancellation feature is not great. also, i find the earpiece hurts my ear if i wear it much more than a half-hour. the battery life, on the other hand, is great. i can go several days on one charge. in summary, i'm still in the market for a better headset.
i bought this one because of the excellent review, however, after pairing it to my treo 650 and using it for a couple of days, i'm quite disappointed.  the sound quality is ok, sound level is on the low side and some noises from time to time.  i had a samsung wep200 too and had better quality than this one, and samsung wep200 is about half of the price of this.  then there is the usability issue too, sometimes i hear the phone ringing, and pushed the button to accept the call and it wouldn't connect right away, had to wait several seconds to establish the link, the samsung wep200 and another motorola ear piece i had did not have this problem.
this was my first bluetooth headset and i have used for more than 8 months now. it is perfectly fit for me and i am satisfied with the quality of voice both ways.pros:1. very flexible and can fit as u like.2. can be used on both ears3. voice activated dialing works, so it is convenient to call someone while driving.4. battery retains charge for quite long time, depending on your talk time.5. filter for air noise works. i tested it while driving on highway with open window. caller confirmed very little air noise disturbance and great voice quality.cons:1. switch off little inconvenient to use when it is on your ear. but the flip side is that you would like to keep it on, while on your ear. so, not a problem.2. some reviewers have mentioned, difficulty in positioning on ear due to flexibility. but it is not a big issue, since once positioned, it stays there.**-> the best thing i liked is the customer service from plantronics. my first headset developed some problem with the microphone and people were not able to listen to me. i called plantronics on a sunday evening and the rep guided me through the online warranty form, very nicely and i got my replacement part within three days. perfect..isn't it?
it's a pretty good device.  the clarity is really good and the sound is great as well.
i've used this bluetooth for close to three years. it worked very well for a long time, but recently the sound quality is beginning to wane, making it hard to hear. it fades in and out from moderately good sound to really poor sound.
having had the motorolla ht850, i liked its light weight and ease to turn on but it was never loud enough for driving.  the plantronics 510 is very loud and fits well. my only negative is the small power on switch.  all in all, i vote for the plantronics
the headset works very well.  the noise reduction is not that great, the jawbone is better at it.  however, the overall sound quality both ways is better and the fit is more comfortable than the jawbone.  it is light and seems large at first but is very easy to fold up and is quite sturdy.  especially for the price, this is a great choice!
this is a really nice headset.  i got this to cut down on exposure to microwave transmissions. it is easy to use and works very good when wind exposure is low. with the increase in wind your voice is sometimes distorted and the person at the other end gets intermittent breakup of your voice. this happens with all bluetooth headsets but less with this one. you can eliminate this problem by cupping your hand over the mic while talking. this blocks the wind from the mic! it is comfortable if you don't mind the loop part that goes over your ears. the bigger the ear lobe the easier it will stay on your ears and feel comfortable. i have moderate size ear lobes and it feels ok over my ear but takes time to adjust to feel comfortable. but it is about the best bluetooth out there. i have also bought a wired stereo headset by mee -model m9p. this is a great product if you want wired small earbuds which sound real nice with your ipod and works great with 3.5mm jack cell phones! both have their good points depending on what you want them for. 510 bluetooth for wireless needs and mee-m9p for cell phone and stereo listening on your ipod !!!!
i bought this headset to use in while driving. the connection is really good. i have small ears and it was always a problem for me to find a headset or earphones. luckily this headset has 3 different pieces to fit in your ear. the only problem is that it is hard to put it on although very comfy afterwards. recommended.
this headset was purchased to replace a jabra bt8040.  the goal was to get a headset in which 1) people could hear me clearly and 2) i could hear them clearly.  after having this plantronics headset for over a month, i am very pleased with the purchase so far.  with this headset, i have had no complaints that callers can't hear me or complaints of interference.  also, i am able to hear the caller well.in researching buetooth headsets, i opted for this one based on the performance review and price point.
i have owned over a dozen different models of bluetooh headsets.  this is the best sounding and most comfortable of all of them so far. the range is good, battery life is good i only wish they came with more ear inserts as spares.
i ordered this product so i could talk handsfree in the car with the air conditioner running.  it worked as well as i had hoped.
a little bulky on the ear for a petite woman, but overall very good quality and battery life.  i can hear others very clear and have had no complaints that i am hard to hear.
reader,i've had sony ericsson, logitech mobile freedom, cario scala 500, plantronics discovery 640, and finally this voyager 510.  let me just say that my prior favorite was the logitech but it was a little bulky and it disconnected from my phone after most calls (annoying).having said that i now enjoy plantronics voyager 510.  the higher model, discovery 640 doesn't stand a chance.  yes the 640 is smaller, cooler-looking, but the features are not good.  the 640 has no windguard, no noice-cancelling tech, and the talk time is short.  the extra battery charger they give you and try to say that it boosts talk time does not.  you can't talk and charge at the same time.  sheesh.okay, so now with the voyager 510, i love it.  great fit.  it seems plantronics has come out with a new version of the 510.  the foam mic boom is not removeable but is built in much like the logitech is.  the voice and sound quality are top notch.  i've recorded myself and it sounds clear.  i can even notice a difference with the noise-cancelling technology as the tv was on in the background, but my voice was still clear.  noice-cancelling is important.pros:clear, audible soundmic is sensitive and my voice for callers are clearwind-guardnoise-cancelling technology (must have!)fit - stays on confortably and they give 3 earphone-like inserts (perfect)cons:the only thing is that the mic boom seems to rub up on my cheek or is very close so sometimes it will make a scratching sound for the caller (since it's rubbing against my cheek).  i haven't heard that complaint from other reviewers here so maybe it's unique to me.  i don't have big cheeks so i don't get it.
i can easily sing the praises of the voyager 510, especially at the price point. it does almost everything well. the only nit i can pick is this: in spite of plantronics' claim otherwise, it is terrible in wind. an easy fix would be just a little foam around the microphone. overall, it's a really, really good device.
i tried two of these headsets and it was horrible for the person i was speaking to. some heard the echo worse than the others, but all heard it. some heard every word they said repeated back to them nearly as loud as my voice. annoying to say the least and thank you amazon for being so amazing and taking both headsets back!
i wasn't sure if i wanted to purchase another bluetooth headset because the last one i purchased, a motorola hs815, was terrible.  people were saying that they couldn't hear me or that there was too much static.  i figured it would be the same thing next time.  boy was i wrong.  this headset is terrific.  i will give you some pros and cons:pros:clarityease of usebattery lifevery comfortable to weardoes not fall offthe only con is, i sometimes have difficulty intially putting it on becasue i wear glasses.  i occassionally have to use two hands to put it on my ear correctly.i would definitely recommend this item.
not the smallest or cutest bluetooth, but certainly the most reliable in my experience. i've had it for over a year and it still works perfectly, which is more than i can say for my previous bluetooth devices.
i've had 3 headsets already, and each one had something about it that i didn't like. i hesitated to buy this one, despite the great reviews, because i wanted one that didn't give me the 'telemarketer' look. top things i was looking for were: sound quality, comfort, and battery life. this unit delivers on all 3 counts. it sounds fantastic, it's really comfortable (especially with the jabra eargels on the ear piece), and the battery lasts a long time. looking back, this is the one that i should have bought in the first place. recommended.
i admit, i was turned off at first by the size and shape, but was easily won over by the quality of the sound and the comfort. this is as good as bluetooth gets.the downsides are the rediculously small buttons for power and volume, which are almost unusable for most, but fine for me.today i thought i lost my headset. i found it in a parking lot, ran over at least once, in the rain for at least 12 hours. 10 minutes under a hair drier and it was working again! i will buy another when the time comes.
this headset is reasonable in price and provides the best hearing and talking no matter where i am.  size does not meam heavy.
the last bluetooth device i owned had poor reception. the sound quality on this device is clear enough to hear in my car with the windows down. i would recommend to anyone.  great ear piece!
the plantronics 510 is comfortable to wear for hours and doesn't feel like it will fall off your ear.  it mates easily to my treo 650 and also to my bluetooth-enable laptop, which makes it possible to use the laptop for voip calls.  reception is good, volume is adequate and the people i talk with say that my voice is clear.  the controls are a bit stiff, as others have said.  but that means they have good tactile feedback -- you know when you've pressed a button.one marginal shortcoming: the 510's clarity isn't good enough for it to replace the wired plantronics usb headset i use for dictating to dragon systems "naturally speaking" voice recognition software on the laptop.  but that would be a stretch for any wireless headset.prices vary widely; shop around.
this is the best product i have gotten for my cell phone and i have had many of these blue tooths. but this one is the best people hear me clearly and there is no noise in the background that they can hear as well....
works fine. but i'm still not happy. this is my third/fourth plantronics headset.this one  bought for dual pairing with my lt and my cell phone.(iphone).it works fine with both.i am subtracting marks for the followinga) changing charger designs. third headset, none of the chargers are interchangeable, so i always get the ac charger, but have to buy the car chargerb) for iphone, this works only for the phone. music will not work. now i am looking instead at the plantronics 855 stereo headset - do handle both = phone/music and still do dual pairing with lt
when i purchased this headset, i was skeptical.  after searching the internet for reviews on the top headsets to get, i continuously saw this one in the top 10.  for half of the top ten sites i reviewed, this headset was in the top 5.  so i purchased it.i use the headset with my iphone 3g and don't regret it.  i love this headset-my first one. i received 3 interchangeable earpieces and the mouth/ear connect swivels so that you can wear it on either ear.  the sound is very clear most of the time.  i noticed in very noisey environments, there is a moment of echoes while the piece adjusts.i find it easy to answer calls, and send them back to my cell phone when necessary. i can easily adjust the volume as well and recalling the last number is two clicks away.i gave this piece only a 4 for the following reasons:1-the thickness of the 'ear hang' causes fatigue on the ear and after awhile mild soarness.2-brief period of echoes while adjusting in noisey areas.3-about 15% of the time, i must talk louder than normal in order for the other person to hear me. however, i must take into account this maybe due to interferences on the other parties behalf.over all great job.
as everyone else says, it sounds very clear, comfortable, and sounds crystal clear for the people listening to you.  it sounds better than my phone itself.
if you wear glasses most of the time like i do, this headset will not be comfortable for you. in fact, i couldn't keep it on without constantly adjusting it. so the sound was not good. i sent it back for a sony over-the-head headset.
i've had this for 2 years now and am pleased with quality, durability, and reliability. it is surprisingly comfortable considering the girth of the piece that goes over and behind the ear. my past headsets with earloops were horribly painful after a very short time, this one i can wear for hours, barely noticing it. it came with 3 different earpieces - one small, one large, and one teardrop shaped - so fit was not a problem. sound quality is good enough that people frequently comment on how clear i sound and i am nearly always using it in the car. wind cancellation really is insufficient, but this has not been a major issue for me...i just use it with the windows up or mostly up. i frequently leave this thing on overnight and still use it for a couple of days afterwards with no loss of power. talk time is at least the 6 hours claimed and stand-by time can be measured in days.  some people are troubled by the proprietary power cord, but it's a small matter as i have a household-type plug in my car and charge it while driving if need be, though it cannot be charged and used simultaneously.  i came here to see if i wanted to upgrade to another plantronics model and pass this headset on to my daughter, but i think i'm going to keep it and buy her the same model.update:still a 5 star item and i am on my second one.  after 2.5 years the first one broke at the top of the earloop.  i taped it with sports tape and kept using it without any problems, but i figured it was only a matter of time before it didn't work anymore so i replaced it. others have said that the new 510s are junk, but i've been using mine for about 5 months now and it's exactly as great as the original.  the broken one is still working, too.
update 11/11/2008my wife's died about two weeks ago. i emailed the company explaining i bought it from amazon and mentioned it is within the warranty period. i did not hear anything for about a week, and then, a replacement appeared at my house, sent via express mail. it is a refurb, but that is their condition, and it looks and works perfectly. awesome customer service. just one more reason to get this product!i have used this for a month, and i love it. i have been searching for a decent bluetooth headset, and after using it for about a month, i can tell you it is great. the sound is very good and clear. i have no complaints from anyone i speak with, and usually they don't even know i am using a headset. there are only two negatives, and they really are not that bad. first, turning it on and off is not easy. that is not really a bad thing, but it is a little awkward. my second complaint would take off half a star, and that is, my usb car charger cannot work with it, and i had to buy a seperate charger. it is much easier to answer and hang up, when compared to others i have used. it is very comfortable, and i sometimes forget that i am wearing it., as witnessed by my wife who often reminds me tha ti am still wearing it. i bought this because my wife's set died and she needed a new one. ehem, it seems that i somehow ended up with this one and she got my old piece of &$#%(@ (insert your guess of brand here) because she was used to it. well, she now has her own and loves it as well, though she also complains about the on/off button. i should also note that my verizon razor, which often would not recognize the verizon blue tooth headset i had, has no problem quickly hooking up with this headset. i really love it and would recommend it to anyone. lastly, the battery life is very good.
i have had two motorola bluetooth headsets and they both either did not have a clear signal or when you are speaking with someone there was an echo. this one i got from plantronics is by far the best i have ever had and from what i've read the best on the market right now. i would advise bluetooth shoppers to stay away from motorola bluetooth headsets.
i bought this because of all the positive reviews and was surprised when it was not very good but plantronics does not support my cell phone the treo 755p. it would have been nice to know this from the web site prior to purchasing. i love the sound quality of the jawbone but it does not fit me-and many others.the hunt continues and plantronics says it does not have any bluetooth headsets for the 755p!caveat emptor!
the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset is perfect in reception and transmission.- ear piece & microphonethe reception on the ear piece is clear and loud. the microphone works flawlessly to faithfully relay your voice to the receiving end without little or no distortion or muffles.- bluetooth functionthe bluetooth provides rock-solid connectivity. i've never had problems with broken or sporadic connection problems.- formthe ear piece is comfortable. it take some effort, however, to put on the headphone. it is a somewhat awkward maneuver that involves the use of both hands to pull the "loop" open so it can go around the back of your ear while simultaneously wrestling with the ear piece to direct it into your ear.the plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset functions flawlessly. however, i found that the design of the headset makes it an inconvenience to put on. apart from the flawed ergonomics, this headset is just about perfect - 4.5 stars!
i've went through 3 of these bluetooth headsets in 5 years. when i got my first one it was extremely cheaper than offered now. the only reason i had to get my second one was because my dog chewed it up, then i backed over my second one with my car in the driveway, so i bought the third. thinking i was still getthing the exact same quality as before i wanted to stick with what i knew. i connected it to multiple bt compatible devices with ease... ps3, ipod touch, iphone, blackberry, etc. all three times i purchased this product it ran no more than $30, but since they've redesigned it the quality has gone down & the price has increased to what you see now. i especially liked the fact that it had three different ear buds to accustom its users, but the part that went around the ear became annoying at times. pending on what you're doing cut i'd be cleanin & sweating & it wouldn't hold firm. same thing if i walked outside (note that i'm in tx,so it's very humid) the ear piece would come out. btw, my third one is getting trashed because people can no longer hear me clearly and i only had this one for about 4 months. if you know better than this product stick with it because my 3 star rating is for the 4 years i had the previous version & not this new, redesigned, $126 version. you could absolutely do better elsewhere.oh yea, after a while of frequent use, it began to split. i may try to show you guys a picture because with platonics this design is known to do that. lesson learned...
i waited to review this product to see if time would show it is no good, and it did not show me that.  this is the best blue tooth device i have ever seen or used and have already convinced 3 other people to switch.  the battery lasts for i would guess about 8 hrs of talk time and 2-3 weeks without a charge with me only using it a little each day.  the sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static. the only improvement that i can think of is to put a battery meeter to let you know how much power is left instead of it just dying on you.  i just try to charge it every 1-2 weeks now before it dies and it is great.
i bought two of this for my gf and myself, it has high quality and easy to use. i like it!
this is a great headset but for one thing. the voice call feature on my phone quit working when i upgraded from windows mobile 5 to 6. i called the phone manufactor, the cell phone company, and the headset company. none know what to do, only it is incompatable with mobile 6. mobile 6 does not use voice tags on selected contacts. it changes voice to digital and looks for what you said. it cannot change the voice from this headset to digital. it works great on answering, not calling with voice. it works great with calls that dial out also.so make sure your headset is compatable to mobile 6 for voice calling. of course this assumes that your phone can make voice calls.again, it works with mobile 5
this unit always synchs up and works perfectly. every time. comfortable and good volume, easy to adjust and end calls. no hassles. strong battery life. more subtle with much of it behind the ear, definitely not as goofy looking as the star-trek-look devices with bright led's and ear hardware. (i think there should be a law that if you wear one of those, you have to wear two, thus identifying yourself as a hopeless techno-geek.)
the reviews available on this product from the amazon website really helped me make a great decision.this model may not be the "latest" technology but it's enough for me. i only use it in the car because of all the issues that have been raised about driving safety. i feel better with both hands on the wheel, both eyes on the road.i'm not a device geek but this really works for me and the few requirements i have.simple to use, i set it up in 10 min max.fits fine, but i do activate the connection before i go down the road because the buttons are small and can be difficult to activate if you already have it behind your ear.
the people i talk to while using this earpiece can't even tell i am on a bluetooth. no windnoise or static. a little big, but you have to sacrifice something in order to get good sound.
it wouldn't work if the phone and the bluetooth were more than ten feet apart.  the pairing was not as bad but many times it would disconnect one line or the other
i have a jabra headset for my work pda/phone, and it works very well. but, with the new ca law regarding phone use in the car, i needed one which could switch between two phones. this does just that and it does it remarkably well.although you cannot switch while in a conversation very easily (you have to hold the call button until it beeps twice to release the call to the phone mic/speaker and then could pick up the call, but have no easy way to switch back), it handles the obvious uses well. if one phone starts ringing, the headset correctly selects it so you can pick up the call - perfect.the headset is comfortable for very long calls, with a good balance on the ear.the microphone stalk is not as movable as the product brief suggests, and it does not fold up per se (sticks out no matter where positioned). folding up the mic does not power off, which is a shame, although the battery life seems really good.sound quality is good on the speaker and appears to be good on the other end, although i have not heard the other side to know for sure.only downside vs. the jabra is that it does not have a usb charger (small cord to plug into laptop when traveling), so you have to drag along the transformer.
the plantronics voyager 510 has been an absolute work horse for me for the past nearly 2 years.  when i say workhorse i mean it.  i put over 5 hours of talk time on this device 5 days a week for well over a year.  i used it in a weekly 4 hour commute, during the day in the office, at night to talk to my family from the hotel and a number of other usages.  i know this device and using it is as familiar as turning on my blinker in the car.the good:1. great noise filtering.  the microphone does a great job of filtering out ambient noise including wind.2. the battery is excellent and lasts for days on standby and for at least 6 hours talking.3. multipoint technology.  this technology rocks.  i have both my work (blackberry) and personal cell phone synched with this device at the same time and can call or answer either without pairing hassles.4. pairs with a device that it has been setup with by simply pressing the primary button.5. volume buttons on earpiece.6. comes with multiple earpieces for comfort.7. stable in the ear.  it doesn't feel as if it will fall out.8. durable.  i used this hard for a few years and it has only now started to fall apart.  still works though.9. shares common power supply with many other plantronics devices for ease of power sharing.10. larger then competitors but very light.the not so good:1. it is bigger then most other devices.2. the earpieces are prone to fall out and don't stay secured after about 6 months.as you can see i really don't have much bad to say about this device.  i am only now replacing it after 2 years of use and that is because the earpiece fell out and i can't find the pack that came with it.  it still works!  i replaced this unit with the plantronics discovery 925 and i might like that even better.  for the money though you cannot beat the voyager 510 in my opinion.  5 stars!
this was the best bluetooth i have owned because of performance and more importantly the fit. it was very comfortable on my ear and inside the ear, and i could keep it on for hours and not even remember it was there. sound quality and features are excellent and worked as advertised. i have used with various phones. i used it every day for about 2 years until it started to break at the hinge. i used to just stuff it in my purse without a special case or protection, so i am not surprised it finally gave in. i see this product being sold for a lot of $$$ now, but i don't think i paid more than $40 for it. so it was a great deal and a great value. if i see it on sale again, i would buy it.
this is only my 2nd headset, and i much prefer it to the motorola hs850.  it stays in your ear and has plenty of volume to overcome road noise in a car.  however, when my headset is on for extended periods, it sometimes experiences problems (will answer calls but not transfer them to the earpiece).  turning headset off then on again fixes this problem.  battery life and charge time seems excellent, but i don't have much to compare it to.  for those wanting to use it with your office phone also, the plantronics bluetooth office phone adapter is expensive ($200+ in office depot).
i bought this due to the law changing to hands free in my state.  i am not a big fan of bluetooth but i saw the writing on the wall so i read the reviews and picked this one.  i am glad i did! this was very very simple to set up and charged very quickly.  it synced easily with my android phone.  i like that it comes with various sizes ear buds so you can get the right fit. it stays securely on my ear and i never feel like it is flapping or going to fall off.  when i make calls, the person i am calling says i sound like i am talking directly on the handset so i am pleased.  i have not tried any of the voice command features yet so i cannot comment on those. overall, i am pleased and would definitely recommend this headset!
i've been able to carry conversations in my bedroom and bathroom while the phone itself sits in the living room!  the reception has been amazing.  i travel beyond 30 ft in different parts of my apartment and still get clear calls.  my friends can't tell that i'm on a bt headset.  in fact, they say it's clearer than if i were on a wired earpiece.  my problem with dropped calls has plummeted to almost nothing because i now position my phone in a decent area and talk wherever with this plantronics bt.this is an ugly headset compared to others, but it works!  there's no point in having a cute bt if i can't use it.  i have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.
this is my first bluetooth headset.  i purchased it because it seemed to get the most positive reviews out of all that i looked at.  it has performed very well.  people say they can here me as well if not better than when i use the phone itself.  i would recommend it.the one problem i sometimes have, in using it with my motorola e815, is that it will sometimes become unpaired, randomly.  i believe it's specific to this phone as reported by others.  it seems to happen about a minute after 1 out of 20 calls.  i found sometimes it will pair to the phone again by quickly pressing the side button twice (which then causes the phone to redial, so you then need to end the call).  the other way is to turn the phone off and back on again.  the latest thing i tried is turning off the phone's powersave feature.  i've heard from others that that feature could be causing the problem, but we will see.  i probably should get a new phone anyway since mine is 2 1/2 years old.  then the unpairing problem will likely disappear.
the plantronics voyager 510 is a great headset for the right situation.  i've owned a 510 for three years, this latest one to replace the last one the dog chewed up (literally).the 510 is a comfortable headset with good battery life.  the quality of the audio i hear is very good, and the quality of the audio my callers hear is also very good.  however, the unit just returned would continuously send a low level static to callers, which wasn't the case with my prior 510.  i assume this was just a defective unit.the big strength of this headset is dealing with noise.  in comparison to the other two headsets i gave serious consideration, the motorola h710 and the jabra bt8040, the 510 had the best audio in all conditions.  one test was driving down the highway with all 4 windows down, the radio on at a moderate volume and the headset in the right ear.  cabin noise was so loud that i felt the need to raise my voice level to hear myself.  i was able to hear callers over the noise just barely, and they could hear me, but did hear a lot of background noise as one would expect.  with the h710, i could hear callers well, but i was completely unintelligible to them.  the bt8040 was almost as good as the 510; callers heard me almost as well as with the 510, but i had trouble hearing callers because the audio was cutting in and out, as if echo cancellation was getting confused by all the noise.  all three worked quite well in quieter environments.  the h710 fails to cancel echo (of my voice back to me) when paired with a uniden cordless land-line phone (with bt support).  the bt8040 fails to pair with the uniden cordless phone at all.i ultimately kept the bt8040 and returned the 510 because of some shortcomings of the 510.  first, it is tricky to get on and off.  it took me a long time to figure out how to put it on using one hand, and it takes some fumbling.  it's far easier and faster to use 2 hands to put it on, but this is a hassle, and frankly looks stupid when you're doing it.  i don't like wearing it all the time because it is big and the darn blue light flashes all the time, grabbing the attention of others around you.  i feel like i'm on exhibit when i try to wear the 510 around others.  finally, the 510 is not a good shape for keeping it in your pocket, and it's large enough that the phone and the headset in the same pocket isn't usually workable.  which brings us back to the dog and the chewed up headset.  because of its poor pocketability, i would tend to leave it on the desk or table when not in use.  doggie finally figured this out.for use exclusively as a car or office headset, i'd pick the 510 over all three.  but for versatility in a wider range of uses, the bt8040 works best for me.
yes, i have three headsets.  i have two for the car, and one for use in the house.  i chose to put the best one, this one, in the car along with a second cheap one, as a backup.  i'm terrible at remembering to charge these guys up!  and i'm too cheap to purchase a car charger...this is really a great headset.  i've never had a problem with people not being able to hear me and it's very comfortable to wear.  the battery lasts a long time, which is one reason i just forget to charge it.  once the battery dies, i use my backup headset until i charge up my favorite!the other headsets are cheapy models i've purchase on amazon when they were a goldbox deal, and those are also good.  they were around  $10 and work fine.  they just are not as comfortable to wear and the sound quality is not as sharp, both for me and for who i am speaking with.  if i wear the cheapy ones for more than 15 minutes, my ear will start to ache a little.  i can wear this one all day if i wanted to and it wouldn't bother me at all.i would purchase this one again for sure.  i've had mine for about 18 months and i'm sure at some point i will trash it and need another.  i'm really happy with this headset.
unfortunately, i purchased mine when it was $100 and have never been able to use it.  i didn't return it right away because i thought i would be able to read the directions that came with it and figure out how to unmute it, but have never been able to.  i can hear the other people, but they can't hear me.  no matter what i do, it won't unmute.  the buttons on it are very small and difficult to use when it's in your ear.  i finally got a different bluetooth that works just fine.
for me the sound quality is by far the most important factor when i compare headsets. everything else is secondary. i drive a very noisy construction van so background noise is a serious problem. i have compared 8 different headsets and the plantronics voyager 510 is the only one that allows a clear conversation in this environment. i have used it daily for over 2 years and often for 6+ hours straight until the battery is dead. in a loud, dirty, construction environment, often lying on the ground, it's the only thing i've found that works. with the other models, either i, the caller, or both of us couldn't understand a word being said. for those of you that don't have background noise issues, i can add that even in quiet settings this unit has better sound quality than all the others that i tested. the way that i do my tests is to pair 2 headsets, put one in each ear and then switch between them while on the same call. this way i and the caller can compare the sound quality at almost the exact same time. the 2 cons i can mention are that the on/off button is too small and hard to push, and that when the battery is almost dead the buttons stop working (even though the sound continues fine) so you have to hang up using the phone instead of the headset. to be fair though, the "almost dead battery" symptoms happen in many of the other ones i've tested also. i don't care, sound is everything.
this is the best bluetooth i have had.  it is clear and very comfortable.  all the others i have tried hurt my ear after a while but this one never does.  it's like you aren't even wearing it.  it is clear when people are talking to you as well as clear to them when you are talking.  you can't go wrong this this headset at all.
couldn't be happier with this. and those who are embarrassed by its "large" size may want to consider being less insecure.
i've had other bluetooth head sets - i found them uncomfortable to wear and i was always asking people to repeat themselves.  this headset fits nicely on my ear - sometimes i forget it's even on!  and for the very first time ever i had to turn the volume down!  i only gave it four stars because the volume controls are difficult to get to, but that's a small price to pay for the clarity you get.
i have never had a bluetooth headset before the 510.  i use it with a motorola i870 nextel phone.  the headset works great, sometimes it disconnects for a moment and i just press the button on the side of the headset and it reconnects.  the talk time is awesome and i have gotten almost 5 hours continuous talk time out of the device.  the range isn't too bad i think i can get about 30 feet from my i870.  if only my crappy nextel phone could keep up will the quality of the headset.  since my i870 battery goes dead in like 1 1/2 with the extended batter pack i have to plug it in to charge.  however, while it's plugged in i can still use the 510 and wander all over the house and still talk on the phone.  it almost replaces the phone if i could dial from it.  the best part is that when you get too far away it gets a little static so that you know to come back closer and then the sound quality clears up.  everyone i have spoken with on the headset says it sounds very nice and clear.overall i would suggest this headset to anyone because it works, it's cheap and it wears extremely comfortable on your ear.
i've had this earpiece for years and it still works as well as it did on day one . never had any problems; never falls out my ear. sound is great.
ever since i bought this headset i have become a fan of it. its so comfortable i can wear it whole day without even feeling anythin is on, voice is crystal clear and its very easy to use. it pairs perfectly with my nokia 6610 as well as with my dell laptop so i use it for both voip calls and mobile phone calls. also the service was great. i received the package right on the estimated date and never had to followup with anyone. a superb product !!!
it is very difficult to find a bluetooth headset that will work well with the palm treo.  this one does.  it has good quality sound and does not cut out.
purchase through amazon 4 months ago. works great with my razr phone. i'm a truck driver and have had problems in the past with hearing other party and with other party hearing background noise. i can hear very well with this bluetooth. the person i'm talking to can't tell i'm on a bluetooth about 90% of the time. i found that alot of the sound quality towards who i am speaking with has a lot to do with what they are talking on. i can't talk with verizon customer service with this on. calls are crystal clear while speaking with another person with a handsfree unit on. speaking with someone on a landline is pretty good clarity for them, they can tell if my window is open or not and if boom is too far from cheek they can hear alot of background noise. no matter who i talk to i can hear great every time.
i've owned and used several different models over a couple of years, and the 510 is hands down the best i've used so far.  battery life is excellent, fit is excellent, sound quality and mic quality is excellent.  got mine when the price temporarily dipped to under $40, cannot beat it at this price.  highly recommended.
i gave one of these away 2 years ago, when it failed to stay paired with my bb pearl.  decided to give it another try with my motoqglobal (att), and am thoroughly satisfied.  reception is great, and there is an audible signal for every function, including receipt of e-mail or text messages.  great purchase at just over $40!!update 8/5/2009: just stopped working, with no warning.  out of warranty, unfortunately.
i previously used both the motorola hs850 and the hs820 and had the same two problems with each.  insuffcient volume and insecure attachment to my ear.  whenever i moved, the motorola headsets wiggled and made me feel as if they were about to fall off.  they never did but it was still annoying.  the volume problem was in part related to this.  the contact with my ear wasn't very firm and the ambient noise that the headsets let in coupled with a relatively low volume meant that i had to press the headset to my ear to hear clearly.i have been satisfied with my plantronics 510.  the choice of 3 interchangable ear cushions, great volume, crisp output and decent range make it unbeatable.  the battery life is somewhat less that the motorola headsets, but i purchased an extra charger for home.  the power button is small, but using it is  a minor problem that resolves with a little practice.  the sound is crisp and clear.  the range is as good or better than the motorola sets.
i bought mine from amazon cuz this was just about the lowest price i could find. before i actually bought it i did some serious testing and reading about other headsets. i've tried jabra 250, jabra 500, motorola hs850 and they all had one major problem - quite static-y. actually the hs850 was a little better in this area than the jabra headsets. i've had jabra 250 for almost two years - static-y big time. if i put the phone in my left pant pocket and the headset on the right ear theres' noise all the time - this is not acceptable for me. the hs850, unlike the jabra, has poor design. any time i turn my head sharply this thing is flabbing on my ear as if it's going to fly out at any moment. this is why i wanted something better, not the same.i went on amazon and read reviews on all kinds of headsets and my attention stopped on the plantronics voyager 510 from some company i'd never heard of. the the reviews were good. even though my bestbuy store didn't carry it i decided to make the investment, buy it online and test it in the hopes to keep it.i received my headset, hooked it up to my phone - that was easy, no problem here.then as soon as i started using it i noticed that there was no static, almost no static. i could keep my phone anywhere around me and there would be no static - a major advantage to the previous headsets.then i noticed how easy it is to answer phone calls with it. the answer button is large enough, right against the ear, so i just had to press it against the ear using one finger. how cool is that?! the hs850 design was like that too but the jabra 250 needed two fingers to answer one to support the headset and the other to press the answer button - i noticed with the new jabra 500 that wasn't an issue anymore.the plantronics is light, easy to put on, not flabby  - wraps around your ear pretty good.there's only a few things i didn't like about it and i hope the manufacturer is listening now:1. picks up surrounding noise. if i am out people can hardly hear what i'm saying - even if there's hardly any wind. it's so bad that i've given up on using it outside.2. the ear bud needs to be tinier. i loved the small jelly-type of earpiece that jabra had - you could hardly feel it in your ear.3. the power button is too tiny and hard to push. not that this is a big deal because i hardly ever need to shut down my headset but it would be nice to have one that's larger still one that's not easy to hit by accident.i didn't give this review five stars because the headset needs to do a better job at fending off surrounding noise.other than that, i highly recommend this headset. i have yet to see a headset that's as good as this one!
my first bt headset was a motorola hs850.  worked well until the recharge plug snagged on the socket and parts of the socket came out with the power plug.  so i replaced it with the plantronics 510.  i wanted an earpiece that inserted into my ear as oppose to laying on top of my ear like the old world war 2 headsets of 50 years ago.  i sometimes am in noisy environments and the "lay on the ear" type is not designed to isolate loud distracting noises.  the hs850 was difficult for me to hook over my ear and took both hands at times.  not so with the plantronics, at least for me.  it goes on my ear much easier and the earplug type earpiece shuts out more of the noisy world attempting to interrupt my communications.  the earplug type earpiece also provides vastly improved volume.  i had to crank up the mot to full and still had trouble hearing it at times.  remember, i'm not in an office cube with carpeting and noise absorbing fabric cubicle walls, but in my truck on the highway or on the plant floor.  the clarity of the sound is excellent.  the volume level is more than adequate for me with several levels left to crank up the volumn if i need to.the headset is bulkier than my self destructed hs850.  the recharge plug pushes in with a friction fit as opposed to motorola's press to unlatch type power plug (actually its the same charger that fits many mot phones) that ripped the guts out of my hs850.i usually fold the plantronics 510 into a flat configuration before droping it in my shirt pocket when im not wearing it.  folded, its slightly bigger than my previous mot, but its advantage of putting it on my ear with one hand and the isolating abilities of its earpiece outweigh the small size advantage of the hs850.  and the friction fit recharge plug will never rip the guts out of this bt earpiece.i found the on-off button very easy to use, unlike the comments of many others.  i can very easily find the pointy button when the 510 is on my ear. press for 3-4 seconds and it beeps to tell me its on.  2-3 seconds later a series of tones announces that it has connected with my motorola i870.  a blue led flashes every 4 or 5 seconds when the unit is on and connected.  press and hold the pointy power button until the led glows red and it 510 turns off.its been a great bt headset for me.
this headset is a replacement for a logitec i had used for years.  it is my second bluetooth and the fit is great.  it does not hurt the ear and stays in place very well.the noise canceling is not on par with the logitec, but i added a wind sock and it resolved most of the challenges.the audio is not as good as i would like and the controls are confusing to me.  i think the former because my current phone is a 1.1 and the latter because i am use to the logitec.all in all a good value for the price.
this headset proved to be a very pleasant surprised after tryinga bunch of others.  was definitely the most comfortable, hadgreat sound and actually fits in your ear.  variable ear piecesare a great touch and this unit should fit larger ears better.sound quality was very good.  only downside is slightly hardto manipulate buttons.  but this is minor.if you've tried a bunch and can't get a good fit, try this one,it'll probably work - did for me.
i've been using mine for about a month and i like it.  the sound quality is high, both sending and receiving.  it came with three ear bud covers, the smallest of which is the best fit for me.  however, even that one is still a bit too large for me and i find that i occasionally need to readjust the ear piece during a conversation (otherwise i'd give this 5 stars).  i find that the controls are too small for my hands, and so i do not attempt to use them while wearing the headset.all in all it's an effective headset and an improvement over the motorola h700 i had been using.
this was my 3rd one ran over one with my car and wore one out. very good.
i have tried a few different bluetooth headsets, always looking for the perfect trifecta of (in order of importance): 1) great audio transmission quality in loud environments, 2) great audio reception (i.e. loud enough, no clicks or pops), and 3) comfort. the plantronics 510 scores 5 stars for comfort, 5 stars for audio reception, but only 4 stars for audio transmission.to be fair, today's bluetooth headsets will never be as clear as the handset itself, or a wired headset, because bluetooth headsets sample at 8 khz (i.e. 8,000 audio samples per second), while wired headsets and phones sample at 16 khz (16,000 audio samples per second). that is why today's bluetooth headsets will always sound just a bit muffled.that said, as far as bluetooth goes, the plantronics 510 does quite well -- but it has problems. i use it with my blackberry 8700. in a quiet environment, such as indoors or in a car with the windows up, audio transmission will be very clear. the boom mic brings the microphone closer to your mouth than do those tiny in-ear headsets, where the microphone is all the way up at your ear. (the microphone is about 3 inches from my mouth, compared to in-ear microphones, which are about 6 inches away.) the closer distance leads to a better, louder sound. however, in a noisy environment, everyone i've talked to finds it somewhat difficult to hear me because the sensitive microphone will pick up a lot of background noise. people have complained that they can hear the beeping of the checkout counter, or all the people chatting at starbucks, or all the traffic noise, and it's hard to focus on what i'm saying. when i then disconnect the headset and talk directly into the phone, they all say, "that's much better!" that said, at least people can make out what i'm saying in a loud environment with this headset; with other bluetooth headsets i've used (e.g. the motorola hs-820), loud environments render my relatively soft voice completely unintelligible.audio reception is great when you're close to the phone; after about 5-10 feet away, you start to get clicks and pops. (also, there are a fair number of clicks if i use the headset in my right ear while keeping the blackberry in my left pocket; my phone and headset need to be on the same side of my body, it seems, for the clearest sound.) the headset is very loud, and i usually listen to callers at about half-volume.in terms of comfort, plantronics provides three styles of earbuds: small, medium, and a triangle-shaped larger one. after trying them all, i prefer the medium-sized bud -- i can keep the headset in my ear for over an hour without any discomfort, and sometimes i forget i am wearing it. admittedly, it took me a while to figure out how to put in on with one hand, but i soon got the hang of it. it now takes me no more than 2 seconds to put it on. (hint: hold the earbud/boom-mic section with your thumb and middle finger, and lift the bulky back section up with your forefinger. place the earbud in your ear, and then remove your forefinger and let the back section naturally fall back behind your ear. it sounds more complicated than it is, but it takes some getting used to.)i used to complain about the small power button, but then i realized that it's extremely easy to press down once the headset is on your ear. contrary to popular belief, it is not a rocker switch; it presses down, but if you try to power on or off while not wearing the headset, it is tricky to find the right angle at which it needs to be pressed.so, bottom line: this is the best bluetooth headset i have ever used. when i am taking business calls at home and i want to sound as clear as possible, i either talk directly into the headset or use a wired headset with a boom microphone located 1-2 inches from my mouth -- but as far as bluetooth headsets go, the plantronics 510 is extremely convenient for use when walking about town, or driving. i am giving it four stars because it isn't perfect (and i only give five-star ratings for perfection). that said, i will continue to use it as my daily headset until the coming of the perfect trifecta of audio transmission, audio reception, and comfort -- which almost certainly will be achieved by plantronics.
i read a lot before buying this headset and was kind of nervous because some bad reviews i read but i must say it was worthy because this headset is really good, i can hear perfectly when using it, it doesn't hurts my ear or anything, i don't use it like everyday so the battery has last for almost a week so far. i have a samsung captivate and didn't had any problem pairing it and using it.5 stars!
for several years i used a logitech bluetooth for my cell phone, and while it worked great, it was always uncomfortable. when it snapped in two, i decided on the voyager 510! wow, not only does it work great, but it is very, very comfortable! in fact, i can honestly say i actually forget that i am wearing it, something i cannot say about my previous device. so for all of you thinking of a headset, you cannot go wrong with this one! five stars!
the voyager 510 is very comfortable to wear and was easy to setup. the speaker volume is good with little or no static. plus the it doesn't look like a block of plastic hanging off your ear. i highly recommend this headset.
over the last 2 years, i have tried over 10 different models of bluetooth headsets from different manufacturers. by far, voyager 510 has the best all around performance - clarity, loudness, battery standby time, pairing, static free, ...if i have to pick one negative thing to say it would be the size.  it is quite a bit bigger than some other competing products but it is a small prize to pay for its superb performance.get one, you'll be glad that you do.
i've tried several different bluetooth headsets from motorola and cardo, and ended up returning or giving away all of them. i kept the plantronics 510 because it is simply the best i have ever tried. i hear no static, cracks or pops, the audio quality is tops both for me and the caller, and it's comfortable and doesn't flop around on my ear like other headsets do when i move.while the plantronics may seem slightly larger than other headsets (mainly because it has a larger part that goes behind the ear), it is very comfortable to wear and use, and is very light. it slips into a pocket or bag just as easily as any other bluetooth headset.the plantronics 510 comes with 3 different sizes of earbuds to fit your ear perfectly and the speaker goes in (or very close to) your ear, unlike other headsets where the speaker just rests on the outside of your ear which is really not good for getting high volume in windy/noisy environments.  also the plantronics has a boom mic that folds down partway towards your mouth. this is way better than headsets where the mic is way up by your ear because the closer the mic is to your mouth, the better you will sound and the less background noise the callers will hear. everyone i've talked to using this plantronics have raved at how good i sound, especially compared to the crappy motorola's i've tried previously.the voyager 510 has great battery life both while talking and on standby. the bluetooth range is superb-i can very effectively walk all around my condo from room to room, talking on the phone, yet my cellphone remains on my computer desk-it really goes 30 feet, and through walls too.  and the fact that this headset can even remember pairing with multiple devices is icing on the cake.i really recommend this headset. it's money well spent. or go ahead and try others, but it would be my educated guess that you will end up with this one eventually, like i did.*there is a slightly misleading bit of text in the instruction manual with regards to charging that you should be aware of: it states that the led will illuminate red while charging and illuminate blue when done charging. however it actually blinks red while charging and turns solid blue when complete.
tried many, but this one is only one i can use while driving noisy truck.
it does well in the car and has good range.  it can reach my phone from everywhere in the house and can reach amazingly far at work.  good thing because the are some cell dead zones at work.  the cell can stay where the reception is good.it sounds a little hollow though.  folks can tell when i'm hands free.
i've been using this headset for about two weeks with a blackberry 8700c. the headset has a very comfortable fit and the volume is nice and loud. the downside is that the battery life seems a bit sub-standard. i have been caught several times using it and running out of batteries. i also have some random disconnects with my blackberry. tough to say whether these disconnects are phone or headset related. i think this is a great value for the money though and prefer it over the motorola's and jabra's (better fit, louder sound). there is some difficulty pressing the buttons on this headset too - nothing that i could not work around though.
we have three identical phones and three different bluetooth headsets. a plantronics explorer 320, a motorola h350, and this plantronics voyager 510. of the three, the plantronics are superior in comfort and sound quality, and the 510 is outstanding in both respects. although a little bulkier than the others, it is much more comfortable and my callers and i actually feel it sounds better than using the handset. as a result, i don't use the handset unless i have to!
on the strength of the very high rating and huge reviewer feedback here on amazon, i bought this bluetooth device -- my first bluetooth headset ever.  i finally have a phone that has bluetooth capability, and i was keenly interested in a wireless headset that wouldn't have the cord tangle issues of corded headsets.this device does exactly what i wanted it to do.  it was a piece of cake to setup on my verizon samsung u540 phone.  you wouldn't even need to crack open the user manual except to discover the 4-digit code you have to plug-in to your phone (it's 0000, btw).  after that, it's a snap to turn on and link to my phone.my other important concern was voice clarity, both on sending and receiving.  thus far, after several hours of use, i can tell you that the voice reception i hear is crystal clear.  no crackling, no hollowing or echoing.  on the other end, i've not had anyone complain about being unable to hear my voice or that my voice is coming across muddled -- interestingly, i've had such complaints while using my old, corded headset!the power button *is* small and it *is* a tad more difficult to depress than you might want, but then, you won't accidentally turn on or turn off this device because of the way it's designed.  i agree with others -- turn on the device before putting it on your ear, and do the same when you're turning it off.as for noise canceling, my wife and i tested out this device in very noisy home with four small kids, and i was very pleasantly surprised at how well this headset communicated my voice but not the ambient noise in the room.using the volume control on the headset was pretty easy to do.  note that you can control voice volume either through the phone handset volume control or the control on this plantronics headset.  if other reviewers are complaining about low volume from this headset, it's likely because one of the two volume controls is turned down too low, or perhaps the mobile phone their using doesn't have much by way of signal output.  this plantronics headset has *plenty* of loud volume if that's what you want.as for ear comfort, i found it to be very comfortable, although i haven't worn it all day long.  i talked to a friend for an hour yesterday, and i had absolutely no discomfort at all.  the device comes with three earpieces (small, medium and large).  i use the medium with great results.the phone fits snuggly on my ear and it doesn't move around at all, although i'm not jogging or even walking much while using it.i like the more discreet look of having the "guts" of this device behind my ear, with a thin microphone on the side of my face, rather than the fat motorola designs.other reviewers have cautioned about the headset breaking, so i just take very gentle care while handling it.  i suspect i won't have a problem with it falling apart.i can't speak to battery life, because after a lengthy phone call, i just recharge it so it's ready for the next call i might make.  charging it is easy to do and doesn't take long, either.in sum, i'm very satisfied with this device.  as long as it doesn't break, it's performance and comfortable design make this an excellent choice.
so we purchased this headset because of all the mostly wonderful raving reviews.  for the first hour when my husband called me it sounded perfect.... i didn't even know that he had it on.  i breathed a sigh of relief.  then he calls me later on and it is extremely choppy... the next day he is barely discernable and everytime the phone rings, i can't even hear him.we are confused... it sounded perfect and then it went kaput.  he didn't drop it!  the only thing that he can come up with is that he was sweating because we were having a heat wave in nyc and maybe that messed it up.  the sweat; that is!so i called amazon, they sent me a new one which we will be trying out today.  i even called plantronics at amazons' suggestion just to make sure that it wasn't an issue on our end.  the verdict is that their customer service is exceptional!  very helpful and took the time to understand my concerns.  we reset and resync'ed and still it sounds horrible.  our phones are the sprint samsung instincts.  plantronics said that they do not have them on their list and they are still in the beginning testing phase and that may be the issue.so, i gave it 3 stars for the first hours of use.  i am hoping that we truly received a dud and that it isn't a phone compatibility issue or sweat for that matter.  will update soon!
it is just what we expected.  very nice and confortable to use.the only problems they have is that they get a bit hot when you talk,but in general they are very good cel phones.  these days you can not getnew flip phone models, so this is one of the best left before the dissapear for good.
i bought this razr v3 phone in july to go with my 7-eleven speak out wireless prepaid service.  the phone i received from amazon.com was made for the hong kong market, so it came with a outlet plug adapter for u.s. customers.  (the ac adapter itself is universal voltage, and the slim paper manual is in english.)  the phone is quadband and fully unlocked, so it can be used anywhere in the world.i really like the razr phone.  it's very solid and the voice quality is excellent.  speak out wireless runs on at&t; and t-mobile networks so the reception quality can vary, but overall the razr does an excellent job in pulling in as much signal as possible.  as with other moto phones, the brightness of the screen can be adjusted, and the ringer type and volume can be easily changed.  the metallic keypad takes a little getting used to, but is pretty comfy to use.the camera is only vga but takes good-quality pictures when there's plenty of light.  video capture is jerky and limited to 15 seconds, so that's probably the weakest feature for me.  bluetooth linkup to a sony ericsson earpiece works fine.  battery life is admirable; i don't use the phone much, maybe just 10 minutes a week, and i need to recharge it once every 8 days or so.because i've owned many moto's before so i like the razr's interface, since it feels familiar, but i can understand how it can confuse users new to the moto scene.  overall, though, i don't think it's harder to use than a sony or nokia.what really impresses me is the build quality of this phone.  nowhere can you find out where this thing is made, but the material and fit and finish are excellent.  i'm very happy with this inexpensive purchase.
for a few years i have been with verizon .my last phone was the motorola e815 .recently i retired and didn't need all the mins i got on the $39 plan(with taxes came to $44)  pro: i bought the razr v3 on ebay and transfered over to t-mobile prepaid.the phone works just great and through my parrot 3200ls handsfree sounds just great.con:when i went to program speed dialing .boy was i disappointed .first it would only allow 20 voice tags .then i had to record each individual tag for voice recognition my e815 allowed me to use unlimited voicetags and i didn't have to record my voice on each number,anyones voice would work using any name in my phone book .the razr is supposed to be an improvement ,which it's not .the motorola e815 was the best phone i ever owned ,and now motorola screwed it up .whats the point of using bluetooth handsfree dialing when you have to scroll down to a name to dial,taking your hands off the wheel  .wake up motorola ,thats stupid .
i bought this to replace a cingular phone and works well. package came with a europe charger and a cheap plug adapter, but had the manuals and everything seemed legitimate. box wasn't sealed and think the product was manufactured in 2005 but again, everything works well.i miss the nokia ui but battery time is okay and reception seems fine. haven't been able to find a driver for vista yet so haven't been able to charge via usb.i would buy this unlocked phone again.
i have been with this razr for a few days, but it has been working great. setup is really easy. it has good reception, feels sturdy, and price from amazon was really good. i have read here some complains regarding the inability to connect to internet. it does connect to internet, but you have to ask your carrier for the browser settings, and set it in your phone.  unlocked phones rules!!!
i thought to come write this review because it is the 2 year anniversary of me buying this phone. i have never had any protective cover or case on it and it is still not very scratched up and it works as perfectly as when i got it. i had to replace the battery at 18 months but it cost $10 with shipping online for a genuine motorola battery. every other cell phone i have had has broken in some way long before 2 years. i'm amazed it is still in such great cosmetic and mechanical shape. no reason for me to get a new phone anytime soon.
i had a razr v2 and it was the best cell phone i ever had so i up graded to the razr v3 late last year (2007).  the razr v3 is by far the worst cell phone that i've owned.  it is beautiful and has great features but it keeps failing i have had 5 of these phones so far (the original purchased one plus 4 refurbished replacements) 1st phone: after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 2nd phone would not charge from the get go / 3rd phone after about a month the screen would no longer light up / 4th phone after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 5th phone has been working for about a month now.  i really like the razr phones, when they work but this v3 model has been terrible and i would rate it lower than 1 star if possible.
this is my fourth consecutive motorola phone. i've owned a timeport, v66, and v600. the timeport was simply terrible. the v66 was a little better, but the motorola menu had to be the worst of any phone i had ever used. my v600 was a very pleasant surprise. my sleek and functional razr is the best phone that i have owned. i really like the large crisp screen. the tiny external screen is a great addition. after three weeks of fairly heavy use, i haven't had any problems. the razr has pretty good talk time, but i'm not certain whether or not one can really get the 7 hours claimed by motorola. the feature that i really like and appreciate is the abilit to charge my phone with a standard usb cable. it's nice not having to carry around an extra charger when i'm already lugging around my laptop and its power supply.
i purchased three of them in 2 weeks.  the phone is great, but they all have the same problem:  the battery doesn't stay firm in its place and the phone turns off every 5 minutes.
best cellphone....of course, keeping distance between our age, but i feel this product was revolutionary at his time; light and easy to use
well after my free phone from cingular broke i was stuck, they were not able to offer me any kind of deal until my 2 year contract was up.  i really wanted a razr so i went looking.  this was the cheapest one i could find so i went for it.  it came with the euro charger, but it had a small adpater that made it fit the american outlets.
i feel like i can never have enough of these especially since i lose this cord easily and a lot of people have the same charger so it's good for visitors and whole family.
the original wall charger i had was hit and miss pertaining to actually charging my razor phone.  this works like a charm and gets the battery charged up to maximum capacity.
since i spend a lot of time for travling in my life, this item is good for me to charge my cell phone whenever i go. it markes great for travel because this item is much smaller than the version that came with the razr.
good company and staff took care of a problem in a quick manner and e-mail me right away! would buy from here again!
i love the price of this charger!it works perfectly.it looks exactly like the original.i have been using it for less than a week, but i don't anticipate any problems.if i have to update on a issue, i will!try this before buying one from the manufacturer!
looks like genuine motorola charger, just like the original one that came with the phone. well built and the original one is still kicking after 3-4 years. just needed extra one.
searched for "droid 3 chargers" when making my purchase. this was the first product to pop up, had decent reviews, and was cheap. i purchased 3. the product arrived on time. however this product does not fit our droid 3 phones. i contacted customer service over the course of 9 times. no results in replacement, return or refund. contactd by phone and w/in the first 2 min of the convo the f-bomb was dropped twice. very offensive and unprofessional. needles to say, i have 3 chargers that dont fit any of my phones. anyone wanna trade?
this charger worked fine for a while but now it has a bad connection somewhere inside. i have to jiggle the body of it around until a good connection is produced. the problem is not the wall outlet -- this happens in any outlet in any building.
inexpensive and gets the job done.  small and light weight.  can't been the price with free shipping.
this is the same charger that came with the razr v3 phone.  light, compact, charges the phone.
this charger is full 850ma, unlike others advertised here that are only 500. due to that, it charged all of my usb devices perfectly, especially the ones that don't charge unless it is that high of a power rating.
wow this went to my flip razor it worked really well and then smartphones started comming out and i had to keep up but it was a great charger i think i still have it and use it for my mp3 player
i ordered this charger as a travel companion, so i didn't always have to pack my original charger.  it's been wonderful having one i can just leave at home and one that travels with me.  i've had no problems with this charger at all.  be aware that this is a mini-usb connector, and while it will charge my newer smart phones, it requires a mini to micro -usb adapter... and is not as fast as the new chargers. but it does just fine for an over-night charging from less than 10% to fully-charged.
this was not what i was looking for, therefore i sent it back. it did not work with my droid razr maxx.
worked wonderfully with the cellular phones.  the charger seemed to charge the phones quickly, never ran hot like prior charger.
ok good product you get what you pay for works and is good for the pricee you cant go wrong
this is a genuine motorola charger. got this charger to have a spare at work for my krzr. not quite the same intensity as the original one, so it will take some more time than usual to fully charge your phone. not really a problem for me anyway. this item was super cheap and the delivery rather quick.
just a simple home charger for motorola mini-usb type phones. works just fine. not much else to say. good bye.
this item is a motorola branded charger that works on my razr, and i am very happy with the price and delivery.  i took off one star because the description says "motorola retail packaging", but mine came in a small plastic bag with no retail packaging at all.
i bought 2 of these for our motorola 3xx's because we bought a new rv and it is so easy to forget your phone charger at home so i decided to buy these and just leave them in the rv!
yea they sound great, the bluetooth signal is awesome crystal clear with no hiss or pop or fading in an out. the bad part is the headband breaks for no reason other than just using it. now i got a $50 piece of junk that i can't use
these are some decent headphones, but if you use them they will break.  it's only a matter of time.  i did some research and found the following tips to prevent/fix the breaking:solution #1:put the band portion of the headphones in boiling water for a while and slowly spread them open. once you have them opened up some take them out of the water and let them cool while holding them in the spread position. this reduces the tension of the headphones against your ears and reduces the stress put on the headphone band. this results in two advantages, less pressure on your ears resulting in better comfort and no cracking of the band.if you stretch them to far they will fit too loose and will lose some of there bass effect. but all you have to do is reheat them and close them up a little until you get the fit you want.solution #2:even if your headband has broken in two this will still work. it will only take a little patience and $5.00 of materials from a local hobby shop.materials:- 3/4 inch or 1 inch nylon tape (all hobby stores that have rc plane materials have this)- ca (cyanoacrylate) the stuff that superglue is made of but i recommend getting some real ca at any hobbystore. get the "thin" stuff.- saran wrap. yes the sandwich stuff...- scissorsside note: i call the nylon tape "tape", but it is really just a ribbon of nylon. there is no sticky stuff on the "tape"1) first if your headset has snapped completely in two use a little ca to mend it as best as you can. it doesnt need to be perfect but just mended enough that it is technically one piece again and headphones are seperated to where you want them to be.2) next cut off a 6 inch piece of the nylon tape and using a very small amount of ca, tack the top edge of the tape to the back of the band where the crack has occured (which should be exactly in the middle of the band in most cases). use just enough so it sticks as you don't want too much ca getting into the ribbon. it should be hanging down now in the back like a tail. note: use the saran wrap to help hold the tape in place as you are tacking it in place as you do not want this stuff to get on your fingers...3) once the ca has dried enough and the tape is stuck, wrap the tape under and around the band one time until the tape is hanging down again in the back. pull the tape very tight and use a little bit of ca at the top to keep it in place.4) wrap around one more time and tack it again one more time making sure to always keep the tape tight when you tack it. you should have wrapped the tape around twice at this point. if your set was broken completely in two you may want to wrap one or two more times and at a slight angle to cover a little more area. when done, use some scissors to cut off the excess tape at a point so the cut end of the tape is at the back.5) now you can saturate the whole band of tape with ca. use the saran wrap to press down the cut end of the tape as you glue and it will end up perfectly flat. this is an incredibly strong fiberglass patch similar to carbon fiber. the patch will have a very small profile (not that thick) and be similar in color to scotch tape, however it could easily be painted to match the color of the headband if desired.there you have it. this is a permanent and solid fix and only takes about 5 minutes. i'm wearing mine right now after i just fixed them. also you can do this (and i strongly suggest you do) to a set that has not cracked yet, because they will not crack if you do. just do it exactly in the middle of the band.
i purchased this unit a few weeks ago from one of amazon's 3rd party vendors. i got a very good deal, but the trade-off was that it came in a bag with no instructions. i went to the logitech website and got things going.the pros:1) no wires, and the batteries last about 7 hours (i tried using them all day at work)2) the sound is good enough. (i had been using a shure e3, which finally broke for good out of warranty). this unit is not near as loud or as bassy as the shure, but they don't fall off while i'm on the treadmill either.3) worked well for watching tv in private.the cons:1) seems to need it's own bluetooth transmitter. my powerbook bluetooth connected but the sound was so scratchy and bad that it was unusuable. plug in the supplied transmitter and everything was fine.2) the headband is not adjustable and my ear feels bruised after wearing them for an hour. the time i wore them all day at work won't be repeated.the headband is almost a dealbreaker. if it wasn't for that, i'd be using these headphones all the time.3) the unit is kind of like those watches that use one button for multiple purposes. the button on each part does something different depending on how long you hold down the button. after a couple of days i got the hang of of, but the button on the transmitter is so small, that i have to stop doing anything but holding the button down to turn it off.overall, i'd say wireless on a treadmill is worth the ear bruising. i can't count how many times i've accidentally hit the cord with my arm and sent my ipod flying across the room. i like to watch videos on it while on the treadmill and the bluetooth headphones make that a pleasant experience instead of constantly trying to watch the cord. people with larger heads need to know in advance that these will be tight on your ears.
as other people have said, the headphones are a bit too heavy on the ears.  after 3 weeks the crack in the headband started, after 2 months the crack is so big the headphones stopped working.  i will try returning them for a replacement but i don't see why, as the design just isn't very smart with the headband cracking in the only place that is under stress.  they should have reinforced that one spot.it's a shame as the sound was really top notch and i used to be able to connect them to my ipod and leave it in my bag, or connect to my pc via 'bluetooth advanced audio' and not disturb my wife while i'm killing  zombies in half-life 2.
i have both grey and black version nowthe sound is good, but it's kinda too tight like the grey onei applied the reinforcement (cut a strip from plastic card, use krazy glue to stick the plastic strip on the middle of headband, and use nylon packing tape to wrap), this'll affect the looking, but durability is more importanti repaired 4 of them for same cracking/breaking from other users, and used same method, and brought all of them back to servicethe sound of the headphones is good (pretty balanced on all frequency), i connect it directly to my pda (dell x51v and t-mobile mda) and laptop without supplied audio adaptor, but i found the rf of the headphones is kinda weak, that i only get half of the range compared with moto ht820 and plantronics 590a (pairing passcode: 0000, bt a2dp support required)the audio adaptor is used with logiteches only, will not work with other brands (even the passcode is 0000)if you know how to apply reinforcement to prevent headband breaking, the price is a steal now1st edit: this headphones does not support avrcp (play/pause, prev, next), if you plan to use it on your laptop without audio adaptor, get the one for ipod (grey) instead
this bluetooth 1.2 version has since been replaced by the newer generation, but the price of this model has come down by nearly $80 as a result.  i've used them for working out in front of a tv (if you equip your set with an inexpensive 3.5 mm audio out jack), listening to ipod, portable dvd player in the car, and computer.  pros: the sound is quite clear and true, provided you aren't an overly demanding audiophile. the single charger has a y-shaped adapter end permitting charging of both the adapter and headset simultaneously. cons: they are considerably heavier than corded headphones and become a bit uncomfortable after an hour.
his and the white version of wireless headphone for ipod is being clearanced elsewhere for a good reason. i got one and it really cracks just by being flexed often enough, which is really unavoidable no matter how careful you are. it is only a matter of time. mine cracked within a week, and yes i knew about the problem beforehand and was very careful. unless you have a really small head (maybe the size of a softball), don't mind a cracked band or enjoy going through customer service, don't get it. it looks and sounds good otherwise, and works with computer bluetooth adaptors provided that you have software driver support for high quality bluetooth audio (a2dp). it's a pity.
my husband likes it i don't even know what it is but i can say my husband was glad to get it and he uses it on something here.
good price and it works fine so far . i always can use extra cords for my cell phone ya know thank you amazon...
exactly as described, works perfect using it on my pc or my charger. couldn't have been any better for my motorola.
bought a few to have strategically placed around the house, cars, work, and in my briefcase and luggage packing so that i do not have to hunt for a cable.
if you need an additional charging cord for your cell phone with a mini usb male plug this works very well. newer phones use the more narrow usb plug so make certain you understand which version you are requesting. well made and durable and the price is right.
i bought the wrong cable- which is my fault.  so sue me.  but don't actually sue me- i can't afford a lawyer.
i bought this usb data cable after losing the usb cable for charging my kinivo headphones, and this cable works well with them. so far, i haven't had any problems when charging my headphones with this cable.
i love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-usb device to my pc.  works with my fuji digital camera and my razr v3m.  i bought it for the razr and it works great.  a whole lot cheaper than what cellular stores want for these.
if yah ave the correct driver on your pc you can usb charge your phone
this is not the cable pictured and described, i subtracted one star for accuracy because when ordering through amazon the picture and description are the objective pieces of information available when deciding to  make a purchase.  reviews are subjective and open to interpretation so the star i subtracted is for the inaccuracies in the photo and description of this product not the product's performance.i ordered and received a usb data cable with no recognizible brand name although the box is labelled usb data cable mobile accessories and has a logo that reads certified hi-speed usb.  there was no morotola name/logo on the box, software cd or cable itself; every other motorola phone accessory i have purchased has their name and logo displayed prominently on the package and stamped into the accessory.that being said this product works great and it does what i need it to do.  i plugged it in and had no problems using it with my razr v3. so although the authenticity of this product was ultimately not an issue for me, it may be for someone else who is considering this product.as mentioned above it came with software although i have xp and motorola phone tools by avanquest and it works fine with this combination of operating system and software.so in short the cable, while not the one pictured or a motorola product, works and the price was right.
but no data, thick and stiff cable, you get what you pay for, keep looking for better cable reviews and pass on this
i must have called verizon ten times in four months, nagging them to offer the treo 650 on their network. i almost deserted them to get the phone, but in mid-june, i finally got my verizon branded treo 650. it has not been a great experience.first the positives. it is very cool to have all my contacts, all my appointments and todo items on my phone. while the phone is large by today's cell phone standards, it is a great looking unit and functions well. it is easy to set up email and web access and it is great to be able to stay in touch with the normal too-much-email office when i am traveling.however, it is not all great news. first, i have had a heck of a time keeping the unit synchronized with my office outlook. i get duplicates by the tons and, worse, deleted contacts. the dupes are somewhat tolerable to deal with, but losing contacts, which slip into my deleted outlook folder is not acceptable. no one has been able to tell my why this is happening.second, the reception and volume of the phone are horrible. where my old motorola tc30 could get calls in awful reception areas, the treo is spotty inside my own house. i lose calls in transit and while sitting still. worse, the volume is very faint. i purchased a software tweak called volumecare which slightly amplifies the wimpy sound from the phone, but distorts it as well. about the only acceptable solution is to use a headset and plant that sound right in your ear! not a convenient or very affordable solution.all-in-all, i'm disappointed in the treo. it has some nice features, but it is very disappointing as a phone.
i just recieved my treo 650 four days ago and am happy so far.  i bought it just to be an organizer, phone, mp3 player--in that order--so i can't speak to other features such as web access (currently an expensive $45 from verizon).two pieces of advice:1. budget several hours to set up.  it's nearly like buying a new computer.  i had to transfer my calendar and contacts from my old cli&eacute; and found that some of my old palm applications caused the treo to restart (i promptly deleted them). generally it was just tedious software stuff, including a tricky firmware update from the palm website, but don't expect to be ready out the door.2. before you buy, budget for accessories.  after purchasing the following: case ($20), sd card reader ($10; for the easiest transfer of files to the sd card), 2gb sd card ($150), 2.5mm-compatible headphones ($17), 2.5mm>3.5mm headphone adapter ($10), extra sync cable ($13), mp3 player application ($15; the realplayer is clunky and doesn't have a graphic equalizer), i have nearly spent as much as the device itself!  assuming the treo gives me years of service, it'll be worth it but i'm going to have to live with the fear that the accessories will not be useful for my next smartphone (i rarely have replaced my cell phones because they got too old, it's normally because they stop working).
the treo 650 is a great device.  it combines cellular phone, pda, and wireless functionality, allowing you to check e-mail, surf the web, make phone calls, and keep your contacts and calendar.be sure to buy an aftermarket usb cable, which will allow you to charge and sync your treo 650 at the same time and a headset adaptor.by downloading a few aftermarket applications (do a search on google), you can make it play internet radio, play mp3's from a 1gb sd card, play some great games, and even use it to access the internet from your laptop while on the road.  here's what i use:1.  directory assistant (by rick whitt)-  this program allows you to easily look up and dial busines and residential telephone numbers and get driving directions and maps, without waiting as various web pages load.  i know it sounds like a silly app, and i thought so too, but i now use it all the time to avoid dialing 411 and paying $1.25 per call.  best of all, its free (but you can and should make a donation).2.  atom smash by red mercury software- a great arkanoid style game.3.  backupbuddy vfs by blue nomad - back up the apps on your treo.4.  blocks by electron hut  - free tetris clone5.  chitchat lite - a free msn messenger client6.  froggy by tim smith - frogger clone.7.  galax by tim smith - galaxian clone.8,  pacman by horaco ho - duh.9.  pocket tunes by normsoft - great mp3 and internet radio player.  much better control over the audio than the included real player (which only plays mp3s, not internet radio).10.  pdanet by june fabrics - allows you to connect your laptop to your treo and use the internet.  works great.11.  filez by nosleep software - your basic file manager for the palm os.12.  voice dial - download - dial calls using the sound of your voice.  free to say numbers, but must buy to dial by name.13.  pocket dvd studio - allows you to compress dvd movies so that they can fit on a sd card, making your treo a movie player.
i agree with the other poster. why blame the phone because you broke the screen. is the monitor at home bad because you dropped it off the table. the phone is the best smart phone out there. people have had issues with resets, but that is more of a conflict with the many apps that you can load on it and usually can be solved. i love this phone. also...do not rate 1 star and then say the phone is good, but verizon is bad. that is unfair since it lowers the over all rating. ignore the guy who broke his phone...this is a very good phone.
this is my first "smart phone" so i can't compare this to previous models.  however, i can tell you that it is great for what i need:1.  great wireless service coverage.  verizon has the best coverage of any provider.  i even have a signal in elevators and stairwells.2.  text messaging.  my job requires me to carry a pager.  with this phone, i have forwarded my pager.  now i only carry one device.  it is great for responding to pages or initiating message dialog.  i have 1,000 messages on my plan, and that should be plenty.  it is very handy to be in meetings and be able to ping people back at their desk for information.3.  organizer.  i installed the software on my pc at work, and now my outlook calendar is available wherever i take my phone.  one thing i didn't like was the lack of options on the initial sync.  i wound up with all of my "frequent contacts" from outlook on my phone - this includes anyone i had ever sent an e-mail to.  luckily, it is easy to filer on these contacts and delete them.  be sure to set device overrides desktop on contacts.i don't use the web or e-mail pieces because the data package is too expensive (~$45/mo).  unless you need to send and receive attachments, sms is sufficient for e-mail.  most web queries can be done over sms to services like google provides.overall it's great!
i just purchased the treo 650 with alltel (not specified here on amazon) and have loved it.  it took me a couple days to get used to the feel of the bulkier pda phone compared to my smaller lg, but once i got into it, i love it.  the only complaints i would have are that it does not come with a docking station (must be purchased separately) and the only way to make it a "great" phone from a "good" phone is to add close to $100 worth of various 3rd party software.  while it's a lot of money to bring it up to speed, the flexibility and having options are nice.  nothing's perfect, but so far, so good (and alltel has a 30day money back guarantee or exchange deal, so nothing's lost here).
briefly:this inexpensive wire allows for easy transfer of media files - photos, drm-free music, videos, etc. between a sony ericsson phone and any computer that has a usb port.it is very useful for phone users such as myself who are only interested in a 'phone calls only' plan and are not willing to pay the phone company some extra monthly charge for internet service.it is needed because the sony ericsson phones do not support a standard usb interface so a 'normal' usb cable will not work._______________________________________extended discussion:i'm not surprised my wife's sony ericsson's tm506 came without a usb interface wire. it was a 'free' phone and the phone company wished they could nickel and dime us forever through their 'plans' and and make us pay various monthly service fees for the privilege of downloading a couple of songs or uploading photos or videos we made using the phone's camera. the sony ericsson's phones lacking a standard usb interface is probably intimidating enough to persuade most users to succumb to the phone company's demand of an extra $10 or more per month for 'web' access. but it does not need to be this way.since we only wanted a phone that made phone calls this inexpensive wire allows us to squeeze some extra functionality off our free phone by allowing us to transfer media files in and out of the phone by connecting it to a computer. it's easy, it requires no software installation and we don't need to pay one extra dime to the phone company for the privilege.positives:- eliminates the need to pay the phone company for an internet connection- no software installation required- file transfer is actually faster- allows for easy media files transfer to and from our computer - all drm-free files can be easily send to the phone- even users who have an internet plan may appreciate the ability to connect their phone directly to their computerconcerns:- some minimal computer skills are expected - such as the ability to recognize specific file types and copy or move them to/from specific foldersconclusion: recommended to any sony ericsson phone user, with or without a media or internet plan.
you can use this to charge your phone with your laptop/pc.  also you can use this to debrand or add pics, music, or apps from your computer to phone..  works great.
i was surprised how quickly i received it.  i was a little hesitant when i opened the package because it was in a small zip lock bag, no manufacturer brand packaging. but i tried it out and it works great and just as the oem models.  i would recommend it. also, perfectly priced!
it is hard to write a review on a cable.  it works and does what it is supposed to do,
this is a sony oem cable.  it is good quality cable.  this cable will last a lot longer that some of the generic cables that i have gotten in the past.
no special installs necessary.  with this cable, my sony ericsson w3001 just showed up on my windows xp system as another drive. works great.  too cool.
needed usb connector for an old sony ericsson w518a - works great!  pc sees the phone when connected with no problem!
im very pleased with this little charger. the blue light indicates whether or not it's on, and my phone charges very fast. five minutes and it's three quarters charged from bring dead! would definitely recommend this to someone else.
needed a power source with a mini usb. this is exactly what i needed. it was also delivered very fast.  i use this to power a rca to hdmi converter for a roku 3.
yea, basically. it's a phone charger for the motorola razor, and guess what? it works for it. also works for a few other phones.
the charger did come in and does charge my mp3 players like it's supposed to. the shipping was longer than what i paid for. however i thought the charger was a disconnected charger to where the cable could come off the base and connect to a computer so i'll have to order another charger that does what i need it to do.
it charged my phone.  actually, i bought six of these so it would be more correct to say that &#34;they&#34; charged my phone.why would i get six?  one for the bedroom, one for the kitchen, one for the living room, one for the home office, one for the car, and one for work.  my phone is full of electricity, i'll tell you that.
i was incredibly frustrated to have purchased this product to find out that it does not work to charge up a phone that i specifically bought it for. it was a christmas present for someone that had relied on a car charger for years. she'd plug it into her car outlet and let it sit in her car until it was charged. i assumed i just solved her problem. unfortunately, her motorola razr is such a dinosaur, i'd have to special order it from the actual manufacturer.here's the surprise part......i just moved and finally found my kindle. it's the kindle touch, nothing special (not the fire or paperwhite). it's simply a black and white touch screen. unfortunately, i couldn't find the charger, no matter where i looked! even so, the charger that came with the kindle would take about 2-3 hours to fully charge, when it's nearly dead. so,i decided to try this on my kindle to see if it would fit. to my surprise, it fits just like a glove! not only that, but it also charged my kindle in under an hour. it was so dead, it refused to turn on until i plugged it in to a charger. still, it was fully charged within an hour. go figure!
tried to find a new one for my girls dad's house, they just started using my old razor phone. works good.
crap do not buy will not work with any of the phones i have paid under four dollars.  i just trashed it
the only complaint i have is that this ear piece doesn't adjust to the inside of your ear.  the rubber piece is the only thing that you can adjust to position it to direct it to the inside of your ear.  but for the money.....you can't complain.
love this compact headset. fits well on my ear, very comfortable. mic picks up well, clear voice coming through. very pleased with this purchase going to get some spares for sure. feels like a solid build so should be durable.
it's okay, i think this is gonna fall under the category of &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;. only had to use it for a day or two because that cellphone broke.
this ear pec is not so good its like a prop from a old movie you no syfy star trak.
today i received the jabra c250 and the jabra c500 headsets.  the c500 is better designed for use with cellular phones but the sound quality in the ear piece and microphone is not as tood at the c250.  the person i called compared the two devices and said the c250 was like at&t wireless voice quality (talking in a tunnel).  the c250 was also a bit more comfortable in my ear.  all things considered i would buy another.
i've been using this headset (although mine doesn't have the call answer button like this version does) for a few years now.  it's the first headset i've ever used that was comfortable and had great sound quality in both directions, and i've used it with 3 different phones over the years all with the same results.  i hear people perfectly and i've never had a single comment much less a complaint about the sound quality from other people.  it comes with two different size gels for your ear, and a spare of each so you're totally set.  depending on the shape of your ear you may prefer one or the other of the ear gels.this headset is so comfortable i can wear it on my ear for hours at a time without it bothering me, and it stays snugly against my cheek and doesn't flop around in the slightest.  i don't know why it has gotten some bad reviews on this site, on other sites it averages at least 4 stars with many, many reviews.  bottom line, i'd gladly pay 2 or 3 times what amazon is charging for this headset, especially now that it has an answer call/end button on it.
just received it today from a1 accessories.  i bought it solely to use on xbox live so i wouldn't have to keep moving my other headset that i use for work (i work at home).  my friends kept asking me to repeat myself.  one said that he had to turn down his tv volume so he could hear me (no lie).  i switched back to the other headset and i was back to crystal clarity.  after that, i threw this one in the trash.. good thing it only cost me $5 or so.
this is probly a gr8 cell phone headset but when it cums 2 a work environment & business calls now could hear me! it was pretty comfortable but the earpiece was not as soft as id hoped
i love these, have bought other brands and they break in a few months. these last and are a good product.
plug this in. sometimes it connects; sometimes it doesn't.i hear callers just fine, but they ask if i am in the bathroom when i wear this.if i leave it plugged into the earphone jack of my phone, it somehow manages to turn my phone off after a few minutes of non-use.i would send it back, but my total cost was only $3.my phone is an older motorola v365, and i'm sticking with to my bluetoothplantronics 510 [retail packaging]. maybe this can be an emergency backup.
i gave up and threw mine away when it would not work correctly on any device. ear phones on one, mic on another. poor quality. i expected better from jabra!
i thought that i was buying the right one and it ends up that i did but not the right size plug for the phone.
it will vary by individual but it didn't fit my ear. it was also in a small plastic bag so who knows where it came from. what do you expect for the price which i can't complain about.
this earboom works a little better than most. decent sturdy construction as well. i will buy another when it wears out.
this model, the c250 earwave boom, is one of 4 jabra headsets i have ordered. i continued to try different jabra models because the ear piece is by far the most comfortable and best sound quality i have ever used, however, all 4 jabras had very poor microphone quality. with each one, the persons on the other end could not hear me. disappointed. i ended up getting the ge tl26593 earset microphone by jasco, which has been the best so far.
i highly recommend this for anyone using a cordless home phone.  while i am a fan of bluetooth, this seems to be easiest for use around the house.
it's amazing the sound quality considering that when you have this thing over your ear, the "mouth" piece is a lot closer to your ear than it is to your mouth.  i made a call right after i bought it and the person on the other end could not tell i was using a hands free device.like all jabra hands-free ear gizmos, this one comes with a variety of gel-like ear inserts for different shaped ears and for those who want to use the gizmo on their left ears instead of the right.my less than perfect rating is the less-than flexible adjustment for the piece that goes around the ear. it's a snug fit, to be sure, but a little too snug. after a recent lengthy phone call, my ear was so fatigued from being squeezed for so long, it gave me a headache. there is no way to take the snug tension down a notch. i have normal size ears, not circus ears, so i'm not just complaining for the sake of it.the gel-like insert feels great - but it's the over-the-ear gizmo that is doing the pinching. it's almost like wearing 4lb clasp earrings or something. it really takes two hands to put this thing on, too.the quality in hearing conversations is also excellent. there is the most subtle of echoes in both receiving and sending, but it is barely detectable. my phone has an excellent hands-free speaker built-in, but a hands-free device is essential when you want privacy and don't want to hold your phone up to your ear for an hour.
bottom line: can't use because the volume of my voice is too low for people to easily hear.  bought off of ebay after my c200 cord was cut.  the c200 worked well, but this c250 with the longer "boom" mic extension was not as loud.  jabra headsets are very comfortable and easy to wear all day.  reasonably easy to put on with one hand once you get the hang of it.  i am not sure if my problem was unusual, but these corded headsets seem to be hit or miss.  i have had other brands where the sound quality is not very good or too low.i will just reorder another c200 and take my chances with that.
it works fine but it doesn't fits tu well to the ear.
my wife and i both purchased the bt350 on suggestion from a verizon rep with our new phones. she got a treo650 and i got the lg8100.pairing the device was relatively easy, once you followed the written instructions. however, we've both had problems with the headset staying paired with our phones on a couple of occassions, and have to run the pair-up process again.when they work, the sound is pretty good. but most of the time, they don't work very well at all. and for the record, typicall my headset is with 3-4 feet of my phone - and i've had the same problems when it's less than 2 feet away with perfect line of sight.my wife and i almost never can call each other using our headsets and connect on the first try. oh, it will call and we'll try to answer, and it will sound loud and usually clear - but one of us can't hear the other 99% of the time - at all. it's a series of "hello-hello? hello?" forcing us to hangup and call again. then we usually are connected.when we do connect, the sound typically has some static, minor digital echoing, and/or frequent dropouts such that you can't hear what the other party is saying. it's very annoying - almost like when you try to fake that your getting bad reception on your cell phone an...it...sou...ds..li..is.the one button feature is ok once you figure out what the various presses on it do. i've never had to adjust the volume buttons, but they are basically up and down.more annoying is the continuously strobing blue led on the main button. when the headset is powered on, the button flashes. when you are actually using the headset (connected to a call) the button flashes faster. this confuses people when you are wearing it - because it appears to them that you must be using it since it's flashing. but it's always flashing! so if you are a person who uses it a lot and doesn't take it off very often, that can cause a problem.even more of a problem is driving with it at night. for a week, i drove home in the dark with my headset, and found myself constantly turning my head to look for emergency vehicles as i kept seeing this blue strobe out of the corner of my eye. but of course when i turned my head, it was gone. i finally figured out it was the reflection of my headsets indicator light reflecting off the windows! that can't be good.on the plus side - it is very lightweight and easy to wear on either ear. it comes with an ac and a usb charger - which was great since i could charge it at work or with my laptop. it seems to hold a charge very well for long periods. i know i've gone an entire week without recharging. the range seem pretty good - though i usually never get beyond a few feet from my phone.even though i can't take this headset back, i'm purchasing another one because this one is pretty much useless if the intent of it's design is to have a simple to operate, hands-free and safe method of communicating with your cell phone. the bt350 simply doesn't meet any of those standards.
i had the worry that the headset would not work with my samsungt619, since the latter is not on the compatibility list. on the other hand, i've heard that all bluetooth devices with same standard (i.e. version 1.2) should have no compatibility problem. it turned out to be absolutely smooth when connecting to my samsung. the headset can flash and even vibrate when call's coming.the headset is amazingly light weight. you can't even imagine a lithium battery is sitting in such a leather-weight body that can hold on for 7 hours' talking.i spent $10 on this headset and couldn't be more happy.
your first question is what other headsets am i comparing this to. see my reviews of the motorola hs850, jabra bt250v, plantronics 320 explorer for reference. now let's consider this headset in terms of the four key performance categories: pairing, sound quality, ease of use, and comfort.pairing - i was able to pair this headset with my lg vx-9800 on the first try. the instructions in the manual are straightforward so i will not repeat them hear. the experience is similar to what i had with the bt250v.sound quality - this is really the top area to question with a headset. i'm happy to report that this headset delivers nicely in this area. i am able to use less than the max volume setting in most cases which is definite progress over the other headsets i have used. on the other end, it is important that you don't have the volume louder than you need it because otherwise people hear an echo of themselves due to the close proximity of the speaker to the microphone. however, i have found the echo to be less of an issue than it is on the hs850.ease of use - the key to a jabra headset is holding the multifunction button down until it flashes. this turns the headset on and off after pairing. you will hear reports of people winding up redialing the last number called when trying to turn the headset off. if you don't wait for the flash, this will happen. i've also heard this reported during pairing, but that shouldn't be the case because you start pairing with the headset turned off. finally, the volume buttons are easy to use. i only use the headset on my right ear so i can't speak to what it is like when the headset is flipped over and the buttons are on top.comfort - i also found this headset to be the clear winner in the area over the other three that i have used. i wear glasses so the over the ear hook is a necessity. i think that they have also hit the sweet spot on placement of the speaker. the speaker is raised from the surface of the headset as opposed to the hs850 which is flush with the main body of the headset. however, it does not go into your ear like the bt250v or the plantronics 320. i guess another way to put it is it rests just outside of the ear canal so the speaker is as close to being inside your ear without actually being so. i think that this maximizes comfort and contributes to the better sound quality. finally, the vibrate feature is very disturbing if you are not used to it. don't let that stop you though because it is something that you can turn off if you so desire.
i am using the jabra bt350 with a sony ericsson k750i.  this works like a charm.  it took a while to set up (problems with resetting my phone), but once i synced the two devices, i have not had any problems.  the sound quality is superb, and the functions are outstanding.  they include vibrating alert (i've turned it off), call accept and call decline (much needed).  it also allows you the opportunity to automatically call the last number dialed. the voice dialing also works great.  i was not able to record the name through the bt350, but once recorded, the phone recognized the name when spoken through the bt350.  an addition, the battery life is great.  i have not had to recharge it in a while.  all and all, this is a great choice for a "handsfree" set to be used with a mobile phone.
it works great!  the only issue for me is that the volume cannot go up very high.  this is my first bluetooth, so i can't compare it with others.  maybe all bluetooths have a pretty low maximum volume.  reception and battery life are great!
(updated)+ good battery life+ very comfortable (choice of two ear bud tips, plus extras)+ easy to use+ minimal bling appeal (blue light is not obtrusive)- first unit failed (charger, headset buggy) after only 3 weeks use- jabra support is lackluster- ugly shiny mic piece (photo on amazon is not accurate, see customer images)after three weeks of use, it stopped charging from the ac adapter. it dropped audio connections while dialing, or after 20 minutes of conversation. (replacement unit has also exhibited this, but less.) contacted jabra about the charging issue, they required that i a) return the headset under an rma, and then they will b) send me a new one. after less than a month of use. i found another way to get a replacement (boomerang purchase at a local chain 'tronics store.)on the plus side, it lasts on standby for a few days (vice a few hours like my sony bt headset does). it fits around my ear, and comfortably in my ear, very easily. the loop is soft rubber, so no sharp or rigid plastic is clamping on your outer ear. if the sound is not quite loud enough (the volume controls are easy to find by touch, but this in-ear speaker can only blast so much), the earbud can be gently pressed in to form a seal, and is easier to hear this way. sound is so-so, some callers have told me they can't hear me if there's ambient sound, music, wind, or cars nearby. in all, better than average, but this is the second jabra product that's crapped out on me, so be wary. (i recommend always owning a wired headset as a backup, and particularly for business or important personal use.)** july 2008 update **i've now used this for 2 years and can give it a much better review. the unit has held up well (though the tip broke and had to be glued back). it still holds several hours charge, where my old sony headset now lasts one 10 minute conversation and dies. the shape, weight, and ergonomic fit are so unobtrusive that i've had some companions remind me i'm still wearing it after hanging up on a call. although i didn't like the shiny "bling" microphone tip, i've now softened on this design. the bt500 is still more attractive and less attention getting than others. because i have a headset at work, and my new car has a handsfreelink feature, i use this unit at home, and after two years, it still works great. i recommend this headset without reservation. (disclosure: i use this with a nokia 6682, and have not tested it with other phone models.)
this earpiece was a great idea, but the main issue with it is that it has no noise reduction, and that it begins to crackle too easily when my arm or body part gets in between it and the phone. some may say that's normal, but no--there are plenty motorolas and sony-erricsons that have stronger connectivity that don't crackle as easy when obstructed, so don't buy into that line.
this headset fits so comfortably on my ear and i especially like that i can use either ear. i can hear so much better with the jabra than the expensive motorola headset i had that was always falling off my ear.  in fact i was using the motorola talking with my son, in a lot of pain and needing help.  when i turned my head, it fell off and out of reach.  my son called an ambulance when he could no longer hear me. my elderly mom says she can hear me better on this headset too.spring 2007 and this item stopped working.  i'm irritated that it didn't last longer.
i used it for less than a week and charged it 3 times. on the fourth try the green light disappeared and it wouldn't turn on.i bought this because i loved the jabra 250 and i still use it, as a matter of fact.i was just really disappointed that something like this (for the price i paid for it) would just stop working for no good reason.i should've bought the plantronics.don't waste your money on this.
very comfortable to wear, good reception, price of ~$22 plus shipping was unreal.  i prefer this style over the star trek earpieces, but this one's boom mic extends further out from the ear than other models in this series.
i've been comparing 8 different headsets. the jabra bt500 and the plantronics voyager 510 are both at the top. (i also liked the samsung wep200 but it's a different style so i won't compare it here) i work in a noisy construction environment and drive a noisy construction van so background noise is a huge issue. plus i need the headset to stay put even when i'm lying on the ground, sideways, etc. this over and behind the ear style works well for me. i tested all 8 headsets by pairing two at a time and putting one in each ear, then switching between them while on the same call. this let me and the caller compare the sound quality equally from both sides of the call. in a nutshell, the jabra bt500 wins on function and the plantronics 510 wins on sound quality. given that background noise is such a big issue for me, i have to go with the 510. the bt500 has better designed buttons that both feel and work better. but, the sound problems are: 1) the bt500 always sounds slightly more muffled, even in a quiet environment 2) the bt500 has the mic so close to your face that it often touches and makes noise, especially when trying to use a button and 3) in a noisy environment the plantronics 510 wins hands down. with the kind of background noise i get, i couldn't use the jabra bt500. i have to go with the plantronics voyager 510 and all the other issues have to take a back seat to the sound. for those that would use this in a quiet environment i can say that the sound quality is only slightly worse than the 510 and may not outweigh the better function of the bt500.
i had a motorola bluetooth headset.  i felt like lt. uhura with a giant ear piece in startrek.  i had a hard time keepig it in and after 20 mintues it hurt my ear.  it came with my accessory kit in one box with the car charger and case so i just used it and grumbled.  but when my toddler flushed it i got the jabra as a replacement.i love it!  it works and stays in my ear, feels comfortable even after 3-4hours in my ear.  i use it only when i drive and i have used the voice dial and it works perfectly.  i set the voice commands using the headset and it works.  when i set them without using the headset it did not work well.great little device.
i bought it expecting it to be much better than the one i've had for almost two years now. big disappointment. the static i used to get from the bt250 has not gone away especially when i have my phone in my left pocket of my pants and the headset on my right ear. also, people tell me my voice sounds remote like i am in a room.this is not acceptable. i am going back to bestbuy to return it. why pay $120 if there's no added value?!no doubt, it wraps around your ear very snug unlike the motorola headsets but there's virtually no improvements compared to bt250.and let me guess - the next jabra model would be bt500v for vibrate. i can tell you now - i ain't buying that one either.i guess it'll be a while before someone comes up with a headset that's not static-y but i'm willing to wait.roumen.
i hate this phone...i was drawn to it by it's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment.  i had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so i could hear it - the loudest default setting is just too low. the display is impossible to see outside in bright light, i detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls, if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times, it displays the last call time only. i just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen, i was told that it is a 'known' issue, but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that i purchased.
i think just about every pat of this phone has already been written about. this is a great phone with a pretty intuitive interface (though, that doesn't go for the verizon version from what i've seen). the one downside is that call volume could stand to be louder, especially if one is in a crowded area. a bluetooth headset effectively eliminates this problem.speaking of bluetooth, i was supremely impressed by how open cingular left the bluetooth options (again, the verizon interface differs in this respect). you're able to transfer any wallpaper, ringtones, and videos on and off with ease.the only hurdle is pairing the phone for the first time. the trick is to initiate pairing on the pc while the bluetooth connection is active. for example, send a file from the phone to your pc (using the "copy" function while a file is selected) and quickly initiate pairing from your pc. you only have to go through this once, after that everything is a breeze. hope that helps anyone who was as stuck as i was. edit: i just realized that this works best with the broadcom/hp bluetooth stacks i use on my laptop, if i figure it out for the ms default stacks, i'll post on it.
i bought this phone because of its sleek and stylish design. pros and cons:cons: 1. the phone feels fragile and gets smudged easily. i find myself wiping off oils and finger prints constantly. due to it's price, i would recommend purchasing the extra warranty on the phone from cingular due to the risk of damaging the phone. 2. i find that in speakerphone mode, the call is almost inaudible while driving on the highway. i wish it could be louder. 3. the menu is complicated. the contacts must be entered as one entry, which is annoying if you have more than one phone number for a contact. 4. the phone doesn't have a setting to disable the roaming function. 5. the phone makes a buzzing sound near electronic devices (tv, computer, radio, etc.).pros: 1. i have a bluetooth enabled pda and i can transfer pictures from the pda to the phone (and vice versa). perfect for sharing photos or using graphics for wallpaper or picture caller id 2. battery life is long. 3. video function is not that great, but is nice. 4. audio is also better than a sanyo 8200. 5. the phone doesn't feel heavy inside the chest pocket. all in all, not a bad phone. this phone is high maintenance and i don't recommend it to someone who have no patience for it's complex menus or minor shortcomings.
i bought this phone ofr my in-laws a few months ago and it works great.  unfortunately, i don't get to see their phone very often.  unless there is something better, this will be my next phone.
one person said in a review "while this phone is thin, it is too bulky to handle, and seems flimsy."i could not disagree more. it feels extremly sturdy, and while it is not a tiny phone, it is very thin. it weighs more then you would expect, but i don't mind because it feels a bit more well made.i had an off version of the motorola v557 that i have had for well over a year now. i got it free, so i gave it up to a friend who needed a phone badly. i am a cingular customer. i was wanting a new phone anyways and it worked out well.i got the nokia 6102 about one or two weeks ago. i have to say while it is a good deal for the price i just didn't like it at all. so i returned it and got the razr. i spent a bit more on the razr, but it was reasonable. (...).the razor is simple phone, a good phone. it comes in a very pretty case that will make you happy each and every time you open it! it has a good quality camera (it's not a digital camera, its more like good quality web cam) and i find it very easy to read, and dial because everything is so clear and spaced out nicley.i got the black version, and i nick named it kit after the night rider car, it reminds me of it. yeah i am a dork!i had read some complaints that this phone didn't come with enough stuff, well at it's launch price point i would say yeah it was overpriced. now it has come down and it is a good deal in my book.i am very pleased with it so far! pleased enough to come write a review!i also love all the cool accessories you can get, including vynle(sp?) skins in any color you want.
i purchased this item a while back, but i remember that it was great item.  i would definitely recommend it. after 10 years, i still have att.
in case you were wondering, the only differences between the black and silver razrs are:1. the color2. the price tag (at some stores)there are no new features in the black razr.  it has all the same specs (and bugs) as the silver model.in choosing a razr you should consider which color you like best, and whether or not you're willing to pay the price premium some stores are charging on the black one.you should also read the reviews for the silver model, since both phones are the same inside.a couple of other notes:-the keyboard on the black razr is silver.  some people do not like this.-the razr (probably the silver one only) is rumored to be coming to another us carrier very soon (hint: starts with "t", ends with "obile")-there will be a lot of new sharp looking phones with features superior to the razr coming out this fall.
i personally think the black edition razr phone looks really cool, better than the regular silver version.  the phone is otherwise identical to its silver twin... but, really, it just looks so cool -- and you'll differentiate yourself from the crowd.the phone is very capable and packed with features.  unlike some high-end moto phones from a year or two back, this one works very well and has a decent interface.  everyone i know who has this phone simply loves it.[...]
i am one to always have and use a lot of features. i like the razr and would recommend it. positives: light weight, small size, speaker phone works well, display is easy to see, voice dial is accurate, bluetooth, and it is great conversation piece. negatives: speakers (normal and speaker) not as clear sounding as my nokia 6600, no ir port, has a usb port but not software to use it - even for charging the phone, battery life a little short, video recording time way too short, difficult to find a name in the address book (a lot of keystrokes!).
the hype says:"getting on the internet is easy with the razr v3 as it supports cingular's gsm-based wireless internet express service. when used with a cingular data plan and the phone's bluetooth or usb data capability, the phone can be used as a wireless modem for laptops and pdas."i say:caca! if you plan on connecting to the internet using this phone and bluetooth you had better get a mongo battery for your laptop because it's the slowest, laggiest, painfully irritating, useless piece of doggy doo that i have ever had the displeasure of using! you could run to seattle and knock on amazon's front door faster than connecting to the site.update: 6/7/2006i tested the actual bandwidth and i connect at 39.1 kbps, that's slower than dialup with a 56k (53.3) modem. when connected to cingular's gsm it says connected at 115.2 kbps when i connect via bluetooth and 230 kbps when i use the usb cable. either way the actual speed is 39-41 kbps and i surely don't have the patience for that.one last annoying feature ... cingular "brands" their phones so you can't download games to your phone or delete certain ringtones etc., as you can with other providers. there is also an annoying "hellomoto" video/commercial that uses 25% of your available space for videos of your own. there is no way to delete this and recapture this waste of space. this truly is about the worst product i have ever purchased.
like the previous motorola phones that i've had, this one has the easy intutive system for navigating its numerous menus --- i'm sold on using motorola for this reason,  compared to the noxxxx, motorola is great!pros:almost everythingawesome designgsmi found the volume to be excellent compared to my last phone (motorola v60).good antenna, extremely low rate of dropped signals --- also, since the antenna does not protrude, i anticipate it will not require replacement (i had to replace the antenna twice on my old v60 --- broke off from carrying in pocket and/or dropping)excellent color screen.good camera for a phone.great size, easily fits in a shirt pocket.great battery life (with bluetooth off)easily customizable but items that i never use (media mall, media net, etc.) remain in a prominent place and can not be put in some obscure location.cons:the most significant negative feature is the screen --- it is extremely hard to see in sunlight.display on front (when closed) is hard to read.price (if you are upgrading your phone with cingular --- they wanted $199) however, since i was changing from at&t; to cingular i was able to buy the phone at bestbuy for $70.the manual that comes with it should be better writen.screen gets oily from normal use and must be wiped off frequently.alarm clock interface could be better.date book alert is not very loud.accessory support at cingular stores rather poor --- two cingular stores did not have the usb cable (had to buy one at wal-mart).of the four or five phones that i have owned, this one is by far the best in all respects.  even with these cons it is still eons ahead of other phones.edit: change from 5 stars to 1 star...  i loved the features on the phone and the flip lid was great.  problem:  after about 3 months the screen would not light up --- took the phone back to at&t; and they sent me a reconditioned phone which lasted about a month --- took that one back, they sent another reconditioned phone,  long story > short:  i had 5 phones in one year, the 5th phone finally worked and kept working for a couple of years.  because of my experience with this phone, i will not buy another motorola.
10 years into the cell phone revolution the phones have gotten smaller, lighter with great features but what's the point when you can't carry on a conversation? i have found cingular to be by far the worst in terms of dropped calls in the sf bay area. i suffered thru at&t and their conversion to gsm and cingular is not any better than that service no matter what they promise. cingular also has very consumer unfriendly 2 yr. contracts that you will be paying on long after that shiny phone has lost its lustre. they are constantly changing their rollover minute plans to screw you out of your minutes. when i downgraded from a higher national plan to a lower national plan they took away all the minutes i aquired in a year. in other words maximize the revenue - minimize the service is their motto.  i could live with this if i could make a decent phone call - i can't believe there are so many dead areas in a place with 13 million people.
i ordered a cell phone from amazon, the motorola v3. when i checked my account the next day, a weird message told me that i was not approved, and instructed me to cancel my order. i was puzzled, but did as directed. later that day, i went and got a great deal on a free phone from my local membership warehouse store.later in the day, i was checking my e-mail and found one from amazon. it explains that sometimes cell phone approval is slow and included the following:"until this is resolved, it is possible that the information in the"your account" section of the amazon site will incorrectly indicate thatthis order requires your attention and may direct you to cancel - pleasedisregard this until we get more information."what???!!!they tell me to cancel the order, knowing that this is incorrect???well, i followed their screwy directions, and they lost an order and alot of goodwill on my part.amazon has been successful, they must know what they are doing, but this kind of behavior makes you wonder...to new cell buyers, beware the incorrect message.
oct 7th 2005if you look carefully at these so called "bad reviews" you will notice most of them either don't know how to use the phone or may have been the 1-2 out of 1000 that received a faulty phone which happens from every manufacturer, every brand, every type of phone.now my wife & i have had ours for 12 days so far with no problems whatsoever, we ordered 2, i got the black one she got the silver one. got both for free btw.just a word about those of you like us that want a "shared plan" from cingular but amazon does not offer those plans while you order, i ordered 1 phone with 1 cheapest single plan each, now when amazon sends you the conformation that your order has been shipped you get your "cell phone numbers" right then in the email.i simply called cingular gave them the phone numbers of each phone told them the deal and had the service changed to a "single 700 rollover mins shared plan" before we even got the phones in our hands, so there is no problems at all in that respect. once we got the phones i called back to check and yes the person from cingular had done everything as asked, i also checked from the phone itself as you can go to "my account" from the main menu page and phone goes online and checks everything about your account, how many minutes, the plan, when the next bill is due, etc etc, and sure enough everything was as it was supposed to be.as far as signal strength it is excellent in my area, i can go all through our house upstairs and downstairs and it stays between 4-5 bars, i don't recall seeing less than 3 bars all around town so far, the phone gets a great signal, and cingular "in my area" puts out a great signal.my wife just came back from a business trip, she was about 150 miles away "with no roaming charges" btw our last cell phone service "alltel" would have been roaming within 20 miles.anyway when she got to the hotel she called we both had perfect signal strength, we both put phone in "speaker phone" mode and she just laid the phone in closed position on the night stand while she unpacked her suitcases, i put mine on my night stand and we talked for about an hour with no problems at all, and it was a free call "mobile to mobile".we sent a couple text messages to each other that worked no problem.she used the phone as her alarm clock the next morning which worked perfectly.now as for what 1-2 reviewers have said about the battery life, most likely they have gotten one of those 1-2 out of 1000.i've had phone 12 days have charged it 3 times and have never let it go to the point where is says it "needs" charging, so average 4 days per charge and just like the manual states it appears as though battery life is getting a bit better after a few charges, so i'm easily going to get 3-5 days per charge, and that's with a lot of fiddling around with it because it's new and 1-2 hours talk time.some one mentioned they dropped the phone on its hinge and it broke. i have yet to drop the phone but it seems to be very well made to me, either way i would suggest getting a krusell cover for it which i did but has not been delivered yet, and also insurance for $4.99 a month from cingular which covers anything and everything for life of the phone, thus that problem is solved.someone mentioned something about the "address book being slow" not even sure what that means, i only have about 8 numbers in it so far but it comes up virtually instantly for me, maybe if you have 100++ numbers in it might take a couple seconds? dunno.as for searching through the phone book, they mentioned you have to make a new entry for each number for same person, no you dont, you have the option to show numbers any way you wish, either by "name" or "speed dial #" or "voice name" or even by "email" and with or without a picture of the person.want it faster and easier if you have a lot of names/entries? then set it for "list only" "no picture" and by "primary number only", simple. you can also separate numbers even further by putting in "categories" such as "business/personal/general/vips"bring up category your number is in only that way even if you have 100s of names & #s it thins them to category.when you have "primary number only" listed all you need to do then to get all the other numbers & email listing for that name is to "highlight name and use left or right on the navigation button to get all the other numbers" once again very simple and easy to use. i find the phone book to be excellent & fast.1-2 have mentioned something about "ear piece volume too low" i'm in total agreement with "harry g from tn" the ear piece volume is fine just make sure the "volume" is turned up and it is just a good as any other cell phone i have ever used, but like harry mentioned make sure your ear is right at the "top edge of the phone", too low and volume will sound low.now myself i find the phone overall to be excellent, gets a great signal, has way more than enough features for me, works very well for its intended purpose "phone" seems to be very well made, nice size, looks great, has a really nice screen with sharp image & colors.i have only one complaint so far......the screen which looks outstanding inside under any indoor lighting, especially if you are in the dark, well that same screen outdoors under "sunlight" is virtually unreadable. so there you have my one gripe.i will come back and update this if anything changes, but as for right now and for free and can hardly see how you can go wrong with this phone.(update 4/30/06.)well 7 months later and these phones are still working flawless with zero problems of anykind.i charge it maybe twice a week so battery life is still great.neither my wife or i have this alleged sound problem some seem to have the earpiece and speakerphone volume are plenty loud.my wife is constantly playing solitaire on hers, so she has worked the hell out of that keypad the last 7 months and no problems.these phones are the best we have ever had by far, so like i said before take these "bad reviews" with a grain of salt.some may indeed have a faulty unit which is going to happen regardless which phone you buy, but i bet a large percentage of these problems are simply operator error.these phones are excellent and i would recommend them to anyone.still the only slight fault that i can gripe about on them is the screen is hard to see in bright sunlight.and it took an extra couple weeks to get rebate but was no problem, just a single phone call and problem was solved.(update june 23th 2006)have had these phones over 9 months so far without a single problem, they work flawless.as i said above anyone giving this phone a bad rating either has that rare bad one of the bunch or simply doesn't know how to use the phone. i have dropped this phone 3x so far, last time was 4 days ago in the parking lot on concrete and no problems at all, not even a scratch. (of course the krussel case is outstanding and helps a lot)we used both our phones while on a cruise to the caribbean and as long as we were in an area/island that had cell service we had good reception and no problems at all, and as long as we were in a us territory (puerto rico, st. thomas, st. croix, st. john) the calls were not roaming.you get the phones for free, amazon is good to order from with no problems, cingular so far for us anyway have been very good and the service (in our area) is far better than what alltel was.there may be some phones out there as good, some im sure will have a better camera, however i seriously doubt you will find a better all around cell phone & service.
the motorola razr v3 is worst cell phone i have ever had.  the only nice feature is the camera and there are a lot of other cell phones with better features that have cameras too.  also beware of the so-called rebate.  if you don't mind jumping through 50 million hoops to get it, well go for it but if your time is money, run from this rebate and this phone.  5 co-workers in my office thought we would take advantage of this offer and what we thought would be a cool, hip cell phone.  how wrong we all were.  cingular is fine.  they have their issues like all the cell companies now for customer service but it is the phone itself & the rebate program that was an issue for all 6 of us.  3 people had problems with the buttons on the phone and had to send them back before they even got their rebates.  the acutual rebate thats up to 4 months to receive and that is only if you have correctly jumped through all of the hoops.  one mistake and you are screwed out of the $150 rebate.another problem with the phone and it's limited features is that other than the initial tone that you have a message there is no way to know that you have a message waiting unless you pick up the phone and look.  all my older model cell phones featured a tone and/or a light on the outside of the phone to let you know that you had a message.i have never written a review before on amazon or otherwise, but i feel that people should be aware that the cool, hip advertising of the razr is not what it is cracked up to be.
works!!
i got two of these, one for the car and one for home use.  there both work just fine, could be a little longer but works for must of my needs
this cable is ultra thin and must not be shielded well.  if i can't find the perfect spot to put my ipod within the 2 foot circumference of the cable - then i get a ton of interference.  even when i can find a good spot there is still some interference occasionally.  i have another cable (non-retractable) that is only a foot long that works just fine - so i know the interference has something to do with this cable.
i love this thing!  i've bought them for my son & cuz who are also music lovers!  can play my music on long trips and just riding around!
scosche cables are the absolute best.  clear audio connection which is very compact in size.  i use this brand for all my retractable cables and find their quality to be superb.
this is perfect as my aux input in inside the arm rest between the seats. huge design flaw in the car pinches all other traditional round cords, and has destroyed a couple. this one just plus in and will retract to fit in the compartment with no fuss or tangling.
works great - looks just like the picture shown, does everything it said it would do and is suppose to do in the description.  arrived within a week with free super saving shipping.  i use it for my car, i connect my mp3 player to my aux port in the car stereo system.  pulling both ends will release the cable, pulling one end will retract the cables.
this is fine for what i use it for.  it is exactly as described. i plug my phone into my car radio and it works just fine. plain and simple
i wanted to keep my car free and clear of cables so i purchased a retractable cable to at least keep it more organized. the retractable part works fine but the cable is pretty thin. i hooked it up to my stereo and i could here a lot of static. i then tried a not retractable cable that was pretty thick and the static was gone and the sound was a lot better. you have to sacrifice sound for clutter free cables or go with sound and have wires all over. i stopped using this since i couldn't stand the static. i am not sure if its the cable i got or not but i will stick to the non retractable cable. i'll just have to find a short one since the 3 foot one i have is too long.
this item is not bad but the retractable cord is too short. otherwise it is easy to carry around and serves its purpose
this very high quality retractable cable will retract to as long as 32 inches (i measured this). and it will easily retract back into the holder making the length of this whole cable unit at just 4.5 inches, which is perfect for travel. for me, i purchased 3 of these (the maximum that is allowed in one order). and i am so pleased with these i hope to order more later on.you may wonder if the cable part is flimsy...if it is not yanked, rather pulled gently and retracted gently, it will do fine. remember not ot yank the cable out and it should last just fine.+ the main pro i find over this cable and non retractable cables is you just pull out the length you need, and no more dangling cables!very highly recommend this as it works well.
update:this silly 3.5mm cord lasted all of 3 months audio went out and the retractor went out very cheap quality would not buy this again went with the old standard non retractable cord
vivo en ecuador, lo compr&eacute; hace unso 8 meses, la verdad no lo uso mucho pero igual se desempe&ntilde;a bien cada vez que s lo usa, excelente calidad.
i bought this in hopes that it would help keep the cord situation under control in my car.  however, after only two short months, the cord shorted out.  i ended up buying a different one.
not sure what issue is here.  but i put one in my wifes bmw 335 ci convertible and it makes a horrible background noise.  that was not there before.i put in my buick enclave and it works flawlessly.not sure where the interference is coming from.
good quality and performance for the price. if you are looking for a good and cheap aux cable this is a good option. the only thing is that you need to be careful when you use it, is not unbreakable.
this retractable cable is perfect for connecting ipods, phones, mp3 players, etc to the aux input on a car. my middle console in the car tends to get super cluttered, so to have a cable which doesn't get tied into knots and make a mess is a huge plus.the sound quality so far as i can discern is great with this cable.the retractor mechanism can tend to get stuck, but has always quickly snapped back into place after i jiggle it for a second.the cable is only 3 feet long, which is perfect for me, but depending on where your aux input is may not be sufficient, so be aware of what you are buying.
i'm here to let you know; everything you are hoping this product to be, it is. the cord is healthfully long and the sound quality is very good. the retractable cord makes it very convenient to keep out of the way.
if you have a case that's thick around the ports, this is the solution the nice thin connectors, work with bigger cases. love that it retracts, people ask all the time where i got it.
i picked up one of these specifically for its ability to retract; it's quite fragile and flimsy, though, and within two days, it had broken and no longer retracts. it's fine as a cable so far, but now it has a heavy middle, which means if i drop it easily as i'm trying to plug it in, and have to go hunting for it between the seats.
holy mackerel, these things are awesome! stows so very conveniently away and works very intelligently, locking in place wherever decide to stop it, rolling back up with just a tug. have only had a couple of times where it decided to tangle up a touch when recoiling, but with almost no effort was able to pull back out and start over, coiling up properly like does all the other times. buy a handful and have 'em in car, at computer, stereo - they're so inexpensive but so awesome!
this is a male to male patch 3.5mm cable - ostensibly to connect anything with an earphone jack to anything with a headphone input.  the reason to buy this is the retracting mechanism, but that mechanism gets tangled sometimes.  you have to pull both ends out evenly (with the center part staying in the middle of the span).  you cannot pull from one side only - it will get tangled and jam.
i hate the jumble of wires that are always wrapped around the shifter in my wife's car so i ordered this for her. it replaced the 4 foot long cord that she used to have spaghetti piled up on the console and works just as good. she is happy therefore i am happy.
it rolls up nice but has a hissing sound in the background. in the dead spot between two songs you can hear the hissing. it isnt all that loud but its there. still works well enough that i didnt want to return it.
this audio cable is great for in the car... the retractable cable is a space saver and looks cleaner while stored. audio quality is normal, the end jacks and bigger that what they show in the picture, i wish they would change that. over all, great product, definitely recommend!
it does tear up way too easy. this is my 3rd one. i've tried others and find i go back to it. problems that have occured: the input jacks bend, short in the cords, and failure to retract as designed. while its a great design, some thing needs to be done so it can stand up to the real world.
i love it. i use this in my car and is great that i dont have to deal with a buch of cable  everywhere. is usefull.
first of all, when i ordered this item the image showed it was white not black. i ordered this specifically to match my white iphone. not only that the thing fell apart as i was taking it out of the box. i will be returning this garbage and getting my $5.00 back. last time i ever purchase a scosche product!
this thing is tiny & lightweight and works really well in a vehicle where you don't want long cables hanging around (especially if you drive a manual shift car).that being said, i have had two of these. i used them daily, and they each lasted about 4-6 months, and then they stopped working. the cables are very thin and i think they just wear out after a while. for the price & convenience, it's not a bad trade-off. i would have given it 3.5 stars if i'd had the option.i decided against ordering a third and opted for something non-retractable but hopefully more sturdy.
i have this and a retractable power cable that i keep in the car.  i think they are great because they can go in the glove compartment and come out not looking like a giant puzzle knot.
this worked for about a week before it stopped staying put when you pulled both ends out. it kept retracting ad then finally just broke. its a great idea, but this one sucks!
cheap in price and quality. mine broke after a couple months of use. the sound started going in and out. it was cheap enough i wasn't really upset. next time i might just buy a couple so i don't have to wait for the replacement to come.
i bought this cable to connect my mp3 to the car radio. i like the rotating design that i can adjust the wire in long or short distance, once i pull the cable, it will rotate back automatically.
i am going to start by saying i have had a lot of trouble with aux cables for my ipod, i use them every day in my car. i prefer the short, thicker, straight cables, but after a few months, something happens with the wires inside, and sound starts to come out of one speaker only. for a while, i thought something was wrong with my ipod. i got a new one, same problem. then i thought something was wrong with my car. had it looked at, no problems. so, i figured it was the cables. after going through a few more (i've been through about 7, including the expensive monster cable), i tried this cable as a last resort. it worked the best! i had my first one for over a year with no sound issues. a friend of mine didn't see the cable and sat on it. when she got up, it retracted very quickly and hit my stereo. it broke off a small piece of my aux input. so, if you have passengers, beware, this thing can become a slingshot! the retracting piece eventually  broke, so i decided to get a new one. the new one worked fine, but after a short time, the retracing piece started working off and on. i have decided to just deal with it. i'd rather have a broken retracing piece than a cable to only plays through one speaker.
i use this adapter for connecting an mp3 player to my car stereo on occasion. being retractable it compacts to store in glove compartemnt when not needed. never fails to rewind.
i like this cable as it is retractable on both ends...takes little space, no fuss, with wires all over.  good product.
when you hate a bunch of cords everywhere, you're glad to see products like this.  i was very happy with such a simple purchase that could have turned into a nightmare.
i use this in my car, and i must say, it's amazing to have a retractable wire like this to dock my iphone when listneing to music.other wires are either too small, too short, in the way, etc. etc.this makes it any size you or the person sitting beside you may like.great product, cheap too!&#9734; &#9734; &#9734; &#9734; &#9734; &#9734;
i have used this cable on and off for about a year and a half -- but there were at least six months in the middle there where i had misplaced it and didn't use it at all. it recently went bad -- lost one of the stereo channels. it now connects one channel only.the problem is in the contacts. if i bend the cable near one of the ends i can get the other channel to come in intermittently. note that i didn't ever fiddle with the ends during normal use. i have only tried the bending game to get the lost channel to come in.if you think the price is worth about 1 year of use, this is the cable you want to get. it certainly is convenient and i like the retractable feature a lot. just wish it would have lasted longer.
seller lost this package at their facility and it took 2 months to receive it.  i bought it as a gift and i'm glad it took too long to get here. it's flimsy and gets really tangled really easy.  avoid at all costs.
i decided to return this product the moment i took it out of the box. it's cheaply made. my decision was cemented when it stopped working after one day of use.
this is a vital accessory for all mp3 players!  i love that it is retractable, so i don't have a long cable getting tangle with other things!  great price for this as well!  $5.55 with free shipping!
this was used about four times before it stopped working, it was the car side with the issue and other chargers did work in this lighter so really not worth it.
bought this to use on a 12 hour car trip and it worked perfectly. the cord is about 5 feet long which is a good length. had no trouble with it falling out of the psp like some others have commented on. overall, you cant go wrong buying this product.
its a charger, its great, it does the job, my kids use it all the time, would buy another, and would recommend.
it lasted me 2 days then it didnt charge i thought it was my battery but no it was the charger
for the price you can't go wrong here. works perfectly for my psp 3k. i have only used it a few times, so i'm not sure about durability. we'll see how it goes.
i really like this product.  it keeps my phone together when i drop it and it looks stylish.  i would definitely recommend this product to anyone with a razr.
this is the 4th body glove "cellsuit" case i've owned, not because any of them ever wore out or broke, but simply because i've bought them for four different phones.  i bought this one for my motorola razr.  the fit is perfect, all cut-ous line up with the phone ports, speakers, etc.  this phone actually fits the razr slightly better than the body glove i use for my motorola v551.it provides some protection from drops, the elements, etc. both externally and internally, whereas many cases, including the popular hard cases for razrs protect only the exterior.a few people have written reviews that the phone doesn't close a swell as it does without the case.  it closes fine.  you add a slight thickness to the edge of the phone with a case on it, so basically it closes all the way, almost exactly the same as without a case, but because of the case, you won't hear the phone cover "click shut" but it is closed and its not like the front is suddenly lose or pops open.  the case is a great value and works perfectly.
the case loosened over time and slides up on the phone, which makes it hard to hear conversations.  i like the way it looks and protects the phone, but sometime it's not worth having the case on it.  it's okay, but next time i'll get a more flexible case
it really does fit my phone like a glove - looks good - i think it will last a long time.  worth every penny!  prompt delivery.  i recommend it to anyone with a razr.
this cover is just what i was looking for. it fits great. i can leave it on all the time while taking pictures, charging, etc. i had a different cover at first that i had to remove for pictures. i haven't found a con yet. and it looks good too.
i've been using mine for over 4 years and it's finally starting to show some wear with the wraparound earpiece, and having a few issues with it shutting off unexpectedly.  all in all, for having it over four years, it's a great purchase.  although i'm still using mine daily, i'm ready to purchase a new one, and one with a battery is the best, as i simply carry aaa batteries in my car, so whenever this one dies, i just put a new one in on the go.  no worrying about bringing it into the house to charge, forgetting to take it back out, or losing the charging cord.  i love it because it's so convenient and can leave it in the car 100% of the time, so it's always for sure there.
comfort: my main problem with this headset was that it is not very comfortable on my ear.  when i first got it, i couldn't wear it for more than 5-10 minutes.  now that my ear has become accustomed to it, i can wear it for an hour or so.  it just takes getting used to.  however, i wish i could rotate the headset without rotating the earhook like some bluetooth headsets.  in order to have the headset have a tight grip on my ear (and not fall off), i have to rotate the headset so that it points upwards towards my eyebrows instead of downwards towards my mouth.  it's not really an inconvenience per se, but it looks pretty uncool.  perhaps i have misshapen ears.audio: the sound is fantastic.  only sometimes does it get staticky in my pocket, and not often enough to notice, at least on my end.ease-of-use:  this headset was easy to pair with my motorola krzr and the main things i do (hanging up, answering calls, and adjusting volume) are simple and intuitive.  only problem is that if you don't hold buttons for the correct length of time, it can perform the wrong function.  for example, pressing the call button once activates voice dialing, for 1 second redials your last call and 3 seconds turns it off.  i've done my share of accidentally redialing.battery: i was disappointed when i learned the battery wasn't rechargeable and it instead uses a aaa battery, but the lifetime is very long.  it's supposedly 30 hours or so.  i can't verify that, i just know i've been using it for two months now without replacing it, and it's just a regular energizer battery.durability: i carry this around in my jacket pocket most of the time and it holds up well.  i do find myself accidentally turning it on when i lean against something, but i just need to be more careful.
the motorola h300 is the ultimate handsfree headset for those that want a headset that they will be able to use forever.  why do i say this?  because, this does not have a non-removable rechargeable battery like most handsfree headsets.  instead, it can be operated with a single aaa battery.  i just got it, so i cannot verify the performance of the battery, but knowing that i won't have to throw this away in a couple of years is worth it.  the features include call accept, call deny, mute, hold, voice dialing, 3 way calling, and you can turn off the blinking blue light (if you're so inclined).  even though it takes a aaa battery, it's about the same size as a comparable rechargeable headset.  it may be 2 mm thicker, but the same length as most.  it works great and is a no nonsense kind of headset.  if you want a basic headset that does about the same as those expensive ones, and you want the security of just changing a battery, this is the headset for you.  if i have any problems with the duration of the battery or with its operation, i will update this review accordingly (check the date of review to gauge how long since purchase... if no update, then no problem).
i keep one at my desk, one in my bag, one in my car.battery life is fantastic -- standby and talk. if i'm afraid of it turning on, i can pop the battery compartment with my thumb. easy as pie.pairs easily.perfect and comfortable for my ears.great sound, both ways.i've used it on devices from my old motorola pebl to iphone (1st gen) to palm pre.i've bought or inherited 7 other bluetooth devices after getting one of these years ago, thinking they would improve on something already well-made. they didn't...so i got two more of these h300's.turns the aaa battery route (i use rechargeable eneloops) works out great for me... after all these years, it's never been a bother... i don't even notice it. there's nothing to plug into the wall, no extra charger, i've always got a spare aaa charged up in the house, bag, car for "emergencies."i love this thing... back at amazon today to order one for my mom to try to convince her to use one of these things. she liked the idea of the aaa battery so maybe having to plug her other ones into the wall slowed her down too much.if you get this from one of the amazon sellers you can get one new for half/third cost as of todays date (3-29-2011).i'm sure the technology on bluetooth headsets has improved by now but that's what they said about a few other high-end pos i received from friends who tried to get "the best" for 3x the price. think i'll wait awhile longer before messing with this good thing i got going with the moto h300s.good luck!
this earpiece worked well for me.  it had good range and sound quality and the hands free activation was very useful. one huge design flaw as i see it however was the on/off button.  to turn on/off the device you have to hold down the button.  after only a few months of use the button began to malfunction and over time the button totally stopped working. i purchased the device in november and by march the button had stopped working at all.  since this is the same button that you have to push to answer a call, disconnect a call or activate voice recognition when the button stopped working the device became pretty useless.
i like this headset. fits well if you adjust it according to instructions. clear sound. slightly on the quiet side, not bad. the best point is it takes aaa batteries so they are easy to replace. i had mine for 2 years before i lost it. good price. synchs well with my razor.
my last bluetooth headset, a cardo scala 500 featured great sound, wonderful battery life but a poor, floppy fit and very crummy construction. the poor thing literally fell apart after three months.i replaced the cardo today with a plantronics explorer 320 and i'm pretty satisfied. first, recognize that there is no such thing as a perfect all-around headset for all phones and all users. it's pretty important that you buy from a source, like amazon, where you can try things and return them if not satisfied. ebay may have great prices on stuff, but unless you know you'll like something, i wouldn't suggest buying a bt headset there... way too hard to return.the plantronics 320 is a budget version of their upper end headsets, but it is hard to see where they scrimped. the fit and finish of the product is excellent. the power connector is solid and snapped in and charged the unit quickly. it paired up to my treo 650 on the first try and was identified correctly by name.using the 320, i made several calls to automated numbers. all connected quickly, except the one where my phone automatically follows a script to punch in passwords. in that call, there was a considerable delay before the 320 took the audio signal from my phone. my old cardo had the same delay, so i think this is a function of the phone.the fit of the headset is great for me. the unit has a small portion that inserts gently in my ear, and the wrap-around portion holds the device closely to my ear without any pressure or discomfort. i've been wearing it all day and it is light and very comfortable. your mileage may vary.so what's not perfect? the sound quality isn't quite there. i pick up some static between the device and my treo and it gets worse when the phone is on the other side of my body or when i move more than five feet away. it's not horrible, but it's there in my setup. again, your mileage may vary.
i have to say, this was a shockingly good experience. i have had mine almost a year when i lost it. i found it the following afternoon, in the parking lot at work. it spent a day and a night on the ground in the rain and even got either stepped on or driven over, as the earhook was broken off. the unit still worked! it would wedge into my ear and i could still use it very easily-albeit uncomfortably. why not 5 stars? because the ear hook pivot/swivel loosened with use to point where it would fall out of my ear. i replaced with a 350 due to budget, i wanted to get a 655 but we'll see how this does.
it's ok but doesn't have enough range connection with the phone. if i walk a few feet away you get a lot of static. it's only good if you keep the phone right by the headset. it's great when driving in the car but not for walking around the house. i guess my advice is keep your phone in your pocket. all-in-all it's good for the price.
i purchased this device after reading several reviews and just being focused primarily on price.  i've had it now for 3 days and it is great.  i use a 700w, so despite the other review, this works great with my 700w no issue whatsoever.  yes it helps it to be on the same side as the phone, i carry my phone in a holster on my side, when i moved it to my left side as i was talking considerable static showed.volume is great (i was struggling with volume on my wired hands free headsets, but this has no problem with volume.)configuration, took about 2 minutes, 1 minute reading the manual and another minute doing it.  the manual is about 2 pages, pretty quick and easy, just follow their steps and you are golden.distance, any further from my hip and it would get more statis, about 2-4 ft it is good, beyond that, forget it.  considering the price, no complaint about that, my hip to my ear is all i need.
i'm really unimpressed with this headset. granted, its a pretty old design now (i bought it in 2006) and i imagine there are much better headsets out there.there is way too much static for such a simple, digital device. it is especially bad if i have my phone in the opposite-side pocket as which ear i have the headset in.certainly you can do better than this by now. get something with a later bluetooth version.
i read the reviews here and ended up buying this bluetooth device. after pairing it up with my phone, i ended up using while my phone was clipped to my belt. i got static, even if i move my phone i get static. i need to have the phone in front of me before i can use this bluetooth and not get static. other than the static it's a nice bluetooth.
this is my second one of these i wore my first one for three years and it just broke but it is well worth the money i have spent on it works great pairs easy and last as far as talk time for the full eight to ten hours worth the money.
this headset is inexpensive, but the sound quality is great.  it paired with my samsung d807 in a couple of seconds.  the ear piece goes in the ear, so outside noises are less distracting.  with my old motorola headsets, people complained that they couldn't hear me.  that hasn't been an issue with the 320.
i have owned this unit about three weeks now. i got this unit at a close out price, and i feel that i definitely got my money's worth. i have never owned a blue-tooth head set before so i have nothing to compare it to. i read reviews on the internet and decided that this was the unit i wanted in my price range. the sound is clear and intelligible on both ends,... as far as i can tell, even in the car, which is what i bought it for...(to use while driving)... and it is fairly comfortable for about 2 hours of ware, but after that becomes somewhat uncomfortable. i think with some adjustment it may be possible to make it feel even more comfortable, a lot of comfort depends on your own sensitivity,  ear and head shape. once paired with my phone, razr v3, it reconnects each time in a matter of seconds (usually). only once did it take longer. before buying this headset i had never hear of plantronics before, but i would say that their products have a good build quality and good sound. i liked these units more than the  motorola headsets mostly because of the way they fit rather than any sound quality issue.
it works pretty good and i can walk away from my phone and it is still clear. it does become a bit uncomfortable on the ear with long periods of wear.
i recently bought a new cell phone (sony ericsson z520a) with bluetooth. i spent a few days researching the various headsets out there, and soon discovered that only a handful appeared to be worth buying -- and all were between $100 and $150, which i did not want to spend. i came across these by accident, and couldn't find any of the negative comments common with headsets in this price range. granted they're only bluetooth v1.2, but they're light, have a built-in rechargable battery, are quite comfortable to wear, and have very good sound quality. in addition, the pairing process is quite simple.if your priorities are quality sound, comfort, built-in battery, and reasonable price, these will be hard to beat. i like it so much i bought a second one for my wife.
i bought the plantronics 320 today. as soon as i walked out the store,the reception went static beyond belief. the salesman said "give it a chance", i have and it's going back tomorrow. for the past week  i've bought 4 headsets(motorola 500,850,700,& this one which is one of the worst.i found the motorola 700 to be the best so far.  clear reception most of the time,excellent volume(no problem hearing while driving),& it always connected to my treo 650.  on a windy day my friend on the other end didn't even know i got out the car,hardly any background noise.  i just ordered the 700 through amazon,much cheaper than cingular & motorola.
i really wanted this headset to work out because it is being sold at such a good price relative to most others.  well, it prooved to me that you often get what you pay for.  let's consider the following in why i am returning this headset: pairing, sound quality, ease of use, and comfort.pairing - this really belongs with ease of use, but it is really your first experience with a headset other than charging it.  it was hard to figure out if i was holding the multifunction button down long enough to get the headset in paring mode.  after 4 attempts, i got it right.  my lg vx-9800(see my review)was able to pair with it easily after this.  however, it shouldn't take 4 attempts just to get a headset into pairing mode.sound quality - this is actually the area where the headset does the best in my opinion.  with the speaker resting inside my ear, i didn't have to have the volume turned all the way up in order to hear the people i called.  my wife reported that she could hear me clearly with one exception.  when i had the ac fan speed in my car set to 3 (out of 4), she said that it sounded like i was in a wind tunnel.  kicking the ac down to 2 fixed the problem, but once we hit the texas summer that could be a problem.ease of use - i think that plantronics' attempt to make this headset easy to use backfired.  i would go to turn on the headset, but i would always have to check my phone to see if it was connected.  initiating voice commands also required multiple attempts before i would hear the familiar "please say a command" from my phone.  however, what really drove me nuts was trying to turn it off.  i would hold down the multifunction button for what i thought was the amount of time specified in the instructions, but i kept getting "please say a command".  compare this to the motorola hs850(see my review) where on/off is controlled by the folding boom while the multifunction button simply handles pairing, voice commands, and call connecting.  i consider my self to have technology savvy and able to fight through things to make them work, but this headset *still* frustrated me.  if you like things to work simply, this headset isn't for you.comfort - i was willing to put up with the flaky operation of the headset because of the cost; however, i realized after two days that i was not going to be able to stand to wear it for any extended period of time.  the speaker pipes its volume into a rather hard earpiece that fits inside your ear.  it is not removable, and try as i might to adjust it, i could not find a comfortable position.  the ear hook is also fairly rigid.  these two things combined made for an unpleasant comfort experience.i have to consider this headset to be a failure.  on the box, it touts "comfort" and "ease of use".  as you can see from my results, it doesn't deliver on either of these.  it's a shame because it does deliver good sound quality at a reasonable price.  unless you have the ear it was modeled after, though, i would not buy it.
this item came within time its great i got it for my mom she is currently is still using it and i order it over a year ago.
of the 8 headsets i've tested, this one is about average. the sound quality is slightly muffled. no worse than most of the ones i've tried, but definitely not as good as my favorite, the plantronics voyager 510. if you've got a noisy environment, this one probably won't satisfy. i liked the single button function and found it worked great with only a rare glitch when the headset would partially connect to the phone resulting in me being able to hear through the headset but needing to speak through the phone. (turn off the headset and turn it back on. no need to end the call.) my partner and i both used one of these hard core for over a year in a construction environment until i broke the ear loop on mine and moved on to the 510. considering what we put them through, i have to say that this unit holds up. i compare headsets by pairing two of them, putting one in each ear and switching between them while on the same call. this lets me and the caller hear the difference. all in all, good price, easy to use, sturdy, and most people won't notice the sound quality.
i just got this headset from best buy. i paid a little extra there because of the counterfeit scare in the online world! however, i just love the sound. specially the bass. most of the ear-bud style headphones suck at reproducing bass. my t-mobile mda has paired up perfectly. the a2dp and the volume/play/pause/mute work like charm. i would give it a 5 star but it's a little bulky for the gym. the cloth interior of the speakers will not stand the sweat for long. the shocks at the treadmill are yet to be tried out.
if this unit looks big in the photo, brace yourself: it's like a bad science fiction rocket ship when it arrives.  it is made of hard plastic with odd fins and protrusions everywhere.  it does not rest easily on the head.  it feels heavy and abrasive.  i am surprised that none of these manufacturers have come up with a softer, lighter material, or spent any time considering how to fit a headset to the ears and head.  sony does a better job with its drbt21g/b, but also falls victim to hard plastic and a hinge in the middle of the set that digs at your skull as time goes on.  truly astonishing.i could not get the unit to pair with my top-of-the-line sony bluetooth transmitter.  motorola was "kind" enough to issue a stern warning about returning this item without calling their toll-free number.  what a waste of time.  they either don't answer the hone, or leave you hanging for long periods of time on hold.
these headphones are great.  there are a few annoyances that don't make these superb.first, the bad; it is true what others are saying about the comfort.  after prolonged periods of use, they may start to hurt your ears a bit.  its not unbearable, but more like annoying.  secondly, they are a little big, but for what they do, its understandable.  warning: these headphones will make you look like a tech dork.  but who cares?  they're freaking wireless.now, with that out of the way, its time for the good parts.  the sound quality is good.  the battery life is long and wonderful(10 to 16 hours).  charge time is short.  charging is convenient using the same usb charger as my razr cell phone.  only need to bring one charger on trips.  the quality is good.  this headphones seem to be constructed well.  set up is generally easy.  the directions suck, but the only vital info i found to be missing is that "pairing" can take up to a minute or so.  the vocal quality is good enough.  my callers can hear me well enough, but they are  aware that i am using some sort of hands free device.overall, i am very happy with these headphones.  i would recommend these to anyone (as long as you don't mind looking like tech dork).
i purchased this headset to use with my cell phone.  as it turns out i use it with my computer and love them.  they  are easy to use, long battery lfe and sound great.  they may be a bit uncomfortable or odd because of the back of the head design but all headphones have some kind of pressure due to the design.  the only time i notice their presure is when i wear them for a few hours.  short term no problems.  by the way, i wear glasses so that may be the culprit.i'd buy them again.
never got a chance to try it because you need all the bluetooth things on your audio devices and tv. i am sure if i know a tv that comes with bluetooth, so you have to buy the transmiter before you can use it.anyway, the headphone fit *snugly* on my neck. and it is uncomfortable. so, back in the box and back to amazon.
before i have this product, i have ordinary earphones for my moto680 cellphone which has stero radio, also i have other moto blue tooth earphone, but this one is good, long time power supply but it is more heavier than the single ear bluetooth.volumn control is good, loud enough. single ear bt is out of control some times, you may hear nothing when you walking on the busy street or windy days. this one give you all availability.drawback: 1. when phone call comes in, you will wait for longer time than single ear bt. 2. the size is big, can not put in your regualr pocket. 3. the pad easily drops, you may lose one of the two very soon. i used glue.anyway, it is good one, you can talk to 2 hours meeting several times with one time full recharging.i love it.
i paired it with my computer and cell phone at the same time, both for accepting audio streams. pairing needs some trail but finally i can bond them. the pairing and re-pairing to my phone maybe because i have a zn5.the quality and ease of use is very good. however, i have to get use to its behind of neck design. it is also a bit heavy and painful if you don't wear it correctly. the problem is that if you don't use it for a while, you have to take it off, or the narrow collar will squeeze the neck very uncomfortably.recommended for ease of use, sound quality.
using it with my blacberry 8310, it works fine, full sterio since the bb handles that.  the only problem,  the t820, does not want always pair. first device i have that does this. it will pair, but forgets to, include the sterio service transport ( kinda of important).  then it works.  the phones fit snugg, but a bit tight.  i have a  giant head so maybe it is a bit much for me, but they seem durable
i got the ht820 a few days ago and for the most part i am very happy with it. contrary to what some people have said, it *does* simultaneously connect with a phone and pc. i am using a treo 700p pda phone and a lenovo x60 thinkpad with integrated bluetooth. if it doesn't do that for you, it is most likely a driver/sw problem with your phone and/or pc. it takes two to tango and people are all too ready to blame the headset when it is just as likely to be a problem with their source.when i'm listening to music i have stored on my x60 it plays the music well and the controls all work with windows media player. if i get a call, the music will pause and i can take the call on my treo. when i end the call, the music resumes. the sound quality is decent. it's not audiophile quality, but if you want that from a $70 wireless headset, your head is screwed on wrong. it's certainly good enough for what i want it for which is casual listening while i'm working.one big plus is that the ht820 stays connected to my treo 700p much better than my plantronics discovery 640. with the 640, the headset always drops the bt connection about 1 minute after ending a call. the 640 does this with my treo 100% of the time. i am reasonably sure it is a problem with the treo's bt so it is technically not the fault of the 640, but the ht820 appears to handle the treo bt problem much better.a few issues i have:1) my biggest problem is that the rubber that goes over the ears has a bit of a harder edge than i would like and after a little while it gets somewhat uncomfortable. i'm going to try a little moleskin from the local walgreen's to see if that helps.2) the sound quality of the microphone is just so-so. my friends that hear me on the other end of my calls say it sounds somewhat muffled compared to my plantronics 640. they can still clearly hear me and understand what i'm saying, but in a relative comparison the 640 has a better sound detection circuit.finally, i do get occasional dropouts on my music, but i know it is the bt software on my treo again. i can see that when the treo drops the bt connection, the ht820 tries repeatedly to reconnect and the music from my pc gets spotty until it connects and then it's fine again. the other times i get dropouts is when the x60 is doing something fairly processor intensive. i guess audio is considered low priority in the software and is one of the first things to get put on hold.as others have mentioned, there is a noticable lag in the audio when you are watching video or playing games. this is expected because of the extra encoding/decoding step that has to happen when you send it digitally over bt and then the headset has to decode it again. i would say bt headsets in general are best for listening to pure audio since there is nothing visual to be in sync with. they are ok for video if you can deal with the slight delay in the sound. it kinda looks like those old kung fu movies where peoples' mouths will move slightly ahead of when you hear what they are saying. any bt headset is going to have this issue until they come out with software and system design changes that compensate for it.i have tried it with some games and they are ok for turn-based games like galactic civilizations where the audio is not crucial to the game action. however, bt headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up. gotta stick to low-tech analog headsets for that.overall, it is very good but not perfect. if it weren't for the over-the-ear comfort issue, i would give it a 5.
durable.  sounds great.  mic provides good sound for those on the other endof the connection.  i like the wrap-around fit (walkman-style headphones look dorky - wrap around is better).  although.. after 30 minutes the tips of my ears can become sore which i am learning to cope with.  i use it with motorola l2 cell phone and anycom 250 usb dongle for skype.  this is the one to get.  i had a competing plantronics product -- in fact two of them -- but they both broke in the same place due to the use of plastic in high-stress areas.  the motorola design is much smarter.
i got this headset last week wednesday and have been using it ever since.  i read a lot of reviews and found as much information as i could about this before even ordering it.  and after reading very mixed reviews, i just had to find out for myself.so here it is:i use it with my motorola q, which is also not a bad phone, and it works perfectly fine with it.  it paired up without any problems and stays connected when you want it to stay connected.  i have not had the opportunity to really test out the battery life yet, but i have tested it for approx 2 hours in between charges and it holds up fine for 2 hours.incoming sound quality is perfect.  actually a little too loud, but you can just lower the volume.outgoing sound is also much better according my girlfriend who has heard me on my previous sony hbh-660, and she says that the sound quality is much better.  even when i have my windows rolled down going 65, she says she can hear me fine, although she says it sounds like i have the faucet running.  so i do question how the dsp itself works since it doesn't really filter out the windnoise.the system itself is pretty sleek and gives you multiple charging options.  so there should be no worry of running out of battery unless you talk consistently for more than 3 hours at a time.one gripe i do have is the button and the plastic.  the button should be easier to press and should require as much pressure as it does.  the plastic seems kind of cheap, which is probably what makes the thing so light, you barely even notice you have it on. so they should have use better plastic with better chrome paint that doesn't scratch or chip off.overall, i give it 2 thumbs up and the best headset i have used so far.
at airports watching people talking into space with some huge clam attached to their ear with a flashing blue light swore me off bluetooth. this headset from plantronics is extremely small, nicely packaged, it paired immediately with my blackberry 7100t.the packaging is very cleverly done and the headset itself is a simple silver cylinder and weights a mere 9 grams. audio quality was high and a recent 7100t software upgrade increased volume levels to more than acceptable. a variety of included ear pieces ensure you're likely to find a comfortable fit. i've been getting about 2-3 hours of talk time on a single charge which while not perfect is adequate for most people.as a small minus, the button to connect/disconnect/turn-on or off takes a bit of getting used to as it feels a bit mushy missing a positive click to confirm your selection.if you're worried about compatibility, the plantronics website provides a pull down selector for mfg/phone to confirm.
this is my second bt ear set.  my first was a motorola with deficiencies in volume, talk time, not to mention how awkward it was to store when not in use.plantronics has taken care of all of these areas.  this unit is plenty loud, even when traveling in a noisy vehicle at highway speeds.  the pen type slip case that goes in a pocket or clips on a shirt at the neck line is a good idea.  by using rechargeable batteries (slides into the pen-style carrier) you don't even need to purchase a car charger or home charger.  i've purchased a small portable charger that goes into the computer bag i travel with.  every morning, i replace the battery and the head set stays charged all day long.  when i say all day long, i mean it.  i'm on the phone over 3,000 minutes every month ... occasionally as much as 5,000 minutes. i love the mute feature too; most bt head sets don't have this.the ear insert is the only thing i worry about down the road.  it is always exposed and vulnerable.  not to mention the fact that it will probably discolor as it ages.  this is the only reason i don't give it five stars.  but, in fairness, if having the insert is the reason for the great volume ... i wouldn't have it any other way.i have been using this product for over a month now and i recommend it highly.plantronics, one recommendation for you; make the battery rechargeable so i don't have to change it out every morning.  charge me for it, its all good.
a great headset - if used in a quiet environment. at the above price, it's a bit expensive, but an excellent value. it should have come with a usb charger adapter included; instead, this is supposedly available as an add-on accessory, yet can't be found for sale anywhere. my report card:design: a-, very simple and lightweight design. buttons are few and usable, after some practice. comes with 4 different adapters for oem phone chargers, which is a novel yet cumbersome approach. includes additional accessories for a more custom fit. carrying pocket doubles as charging station; headset fits dangerously loosely inside, and the pocket itself doesn't clip securely onto shirt pockets or belts. an aluminum carrying case is provided to keep everything together.aesthetics: a-, it's a tiny and stylish piece.build quality: b+, the materials look more solid than they are. construction is fair.comfort: a+, the most comfortable and stable headset ever. multiple "ear gels" aid in attaining a custom fit that is quite secure. an earhook is also provided for added stability, but probably won't be needed.compatibility: a, no problems pairing or using this headset. full handsfree functionality is available, but controls differ greatly for different functions and take some learning.outbound sound quality: b+, callers can hear me great, along with any other noises in the environment. lack of noise cancellation makes this headset worthless in, for example, a crowded room. no echo whatsoever, though.inbound sound quality: b, volume is beyond plentiful. inbound voices are rich in bass but *completely* lack crispness. frequent static regardless of range or line-of-sight.
i purchased this headset from amazon for about $80 and have had it for over a month.  i pair it with my razr and uniden's cordless elbt595.  i've been highly pleased with it's performance.bluetooth pairingthis was extremely easy and handled through the one master button at the top.  hold it down until it flashes red and it will pair with your phone.  answer calls by pushing the button, and hang up by pushing the button.  simple as that.  i've gotten consistent call quality within a range of 10 feet from the phone, and haven't experienced any interference from wifi networks.volumei think the biggest problem with bluetooth headsets is that they are not loud enough.  i tried several different bluetooth headsets that my friends have, most noteably the motorola hs850 and h700.  those work well but i still have a hard time hearing people when i'm driving in a car, or there is a low level of ambient noise in the background.  the greatest feature of the plantronics 640 is that it fits in your ear, and is therefore probably twice as loud as any other headset i've tried.  i can hear while i'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.  you can also mute the headset by pushing the up and down volume buttons simultaneously.comfort/fiti was skeptical about the fit of this headset.  i never liked earbud headphones (think ipod) as they fail to stay in my ears whenever i have to move around.  that's why i was astonished that the plantronics 640 stays in my ear without any problems.  and it is very comfortable as i've worn it for periods over 1 hour and have not had any irritation.  since it fits in your ear, and not over it, you can easily wear sunglasses with it (great for driving).  if i know i'm going to be highly active while wearing the headset, i will put the optional over-the-ear clip on it, but for most instances it is not necessary.designthe 640 is small and light, and stylish enough for me.  the headset comes with a bevy of attachments and a carrying case.  the headset fits into a "pen-clip" holder that serves two purposes.  first, you can carry your 640 in your shirt pocket if you wish (and look extremely nerdy i might add).  but the pen clip adapter is the common link to charge the headset.  put the headset into the pen clip and you can now charge it with the included ac adapter, or you can add one of the extra attachments to the pen clip so that you can use your phone's charger to also charge the 640.  almost all phone types are supported.  there is also a aaa battery adapter that can link up to the pen clip and be used to charge your 640.  the battery life of the headset itself is great; i've talked on it for about 5 hours and the headset still didn't die.problemsthere are few and they're nit-picky ones.  it's unfortunate that the adapter to use the razr's mini-usb phone charger to charge the 640 is not included.  you can buy one off ebay for under $20, though.  the pen clip adapter is ok, but not the absolute best way to carry your 640 around.  it fits in any pocket, and protects the mic, but does not cover the earbud side of the headset.  therefore, i usually carry the 640 in the small case it comes with.  but this case holds all the attachments and it would be nice if there was something smaller to transport the headset alone that protected the entire headset and was smaller than the full case.  some people have also complained that the mic picks up lots of ambient noise.  i find this to be the case of all headsets, bluetooth or corded.  if you're in a crowd, people are not going to be able to hear you on your cell phone or bluetooth headset--they are going to hear the crowd.  i believe there is a new 645 model that has some noise-cancellation features, but that is done with digital software processing, not filters physically sitting on the mic.overalli don't think the perfect bluetooth headset has been produced yet.  but i'm giving this one 5 stars because as of june 2006 this one is reliable and is undoubtably the loudest headset out there.  my hearing is just fine, but if the volume on your headset or cell phone is the biggest sticking point with you, then this is probably the best headset you can get.  if you can get this headset for $80 or less, i highly recommend it.
i'm very impressed with this headset. the set up was simple on my se k700i phone. i just paired the two devices and added it on in handsfree mode. this headset is light and extremely comfortable in my ear. just move the gel earpiece to the left if you use it in your right ear for additional comfort. conversely, move the gel earpiece to the right if you use it in your left ear. it fits so well in my ear that i don't have any need to use the ear loop.the sound clarity is great. everyone i talk to says they hear me very well. i just needed to raise the volume up a little to hear everyone perfectly. i don't hear any static whatsoever when i use this headset in my wifi and bluetooth networks at home.plantronics gives you a lot of charging options. i use the se charging adapter, which i snapped on at the bottom of the little pocket case, so i could use one charger for two gadgets. this headset comes with a nokia, samsung, siemens and sony ericcson adapter for charging. the headset also comes with its own charger, in case you don't own one of these 4 phone models, which you can use in any wall outlet. i tried that method of charging and it works fine too.this headset also comes with a mobile charger case, where you use a aaa battery. i didn't try that method of charging since i have a se car charger which works well with the included se adapter.voice dialing works fine. that's important to me since i'm a mobile professional who spends a lot of time traveling in my car.the headset does beep right before you make a call. it also beeps right before it signals for the name you want to call. i don't find that irritating, as one other reviewer mentioned. that's just how the headset operates. and let me emphasize that this headset works great.it is the best bluetooth headset i've ever owned.
i bought this headset for my wife for her to use with a samsung a900 ("the blade").  the earpiece is extremely small and comfortable and the battery life is long enough for her to talk on it over an hour each day.  she charges it each night.  the sound through this headset has a typical "bluetooth tinny" aspect that overly compressed digital sound has but it is in-line with what i've observed on other bluetooth headsets.the number of adapters and the clever battery-powered charger attachment help this headset stand out from the crowd.setup is a breeze and it is very easy to use.  she is not a technophile but she loves her handsfree plantronics 640!the unit would be 5 stars if the sound quality were better.  i also wish it had multipoint like the 5xx-series from plantronics.
i am a previous user of the logitech mobile freedom headset (lost from dropping it in a movie theatre) and of many others so i do know what a bluetooth headset should be.first impressions:  i liked the size of the headset and the spiffy metal case where you can store all the included trinklets.  they even give you a mirror on the back of the case (i guess so you can see how cool you look with the headset).  out of the box, it's easy to setup.  took about 1.5 hrs to charge the headset.pros:  this headset is light, small, and well designed.  the ear gel isn't intrusive like the old jabras.  i would say it's like an earphone that you would use for mp3s, except it's made out of rubber which is good so it won't slip out.  they give you 2 other gels if the default doesn't fit.  i have a small set of ears, and the default is perfect.  it pairs easily with my lg pm 325 (sprint phone).  i don't notice a difference between this and my old logitech in terms of sound quality, meaning the quality is excellent.  they heard me, i heard them, it was clear, no static.  if you do get static it's just the downfall of bt technology (wi-fi, walls, or microwave interference).  it also comes with 4 different charging attachments for motorola, nokia, siemens, and sony eriksson.  you can also use the power adapter they supply which works well.  i like the pen/marker sized charger you can put it in, and though i can't see myself using the aaa battery option to charge, it's great to be able to charge it anywhere if need be.cons:  well, here it is:  i wish there was a wind guard.  this would be a great feature to have since it's so mobile, and wouldn't it be better if we could use it outdoors?  foam isn't that expensive to add...  secondly, there should have been noise reduction feature.  trust me, it pick up everything; dishes in the back, people talking, stereo, blah blah.  oh well.  otherwise it's great. .  other than that, the price is the biggest con.  i got it here when j&r; had it for $69.  but $89?!  ridiculous.  even $70 is high for a bt headset these days.  but hey, you pay for the look, feel, and fit.if you don't care about obtrusiveness, get the logitech mobile freedom.  it's cheaper.  one thing that was different is that the logitech after finishing a call, sometimes it would disconnect from my phone (the bt connection i mean) which was annoying if i wanted to make another call right away.  with this plantronics 640, i don't have that issue which is awesome!
i like the "in the ear" approach. it's extremely comfortable. you have several options as far as finding a comfortable fit. it comes with a portable charger, which is a prelude to things to come.i could hear any caller without problems but in noisy environments they couldn't hear me. in a quite environment it worked very well. the battery is terrible. their listing is "up to 3 hours". there's no way you can get that much talk time out of this. i heard allot of static. i couldn't wear my phone in the holster because of that.i'm a frequent business traveler and it doesn't work well for my needs. however, it does have some positive traits. the main two problems are extraneous noise problem and poor battery life. so if you're not in a loud area or heavy user it's a great headset.
after reading the stellar reviews for the discovery 640 both on amazon and cnet, i bought one and took off for home. after charging it up and attempting sync with my motorola v360, i found i couldn't get it to work. i re-read the manuals for the 640 and for my v360 to see if it was me. then i went on the web to see if i had some compatibility issue. it then occurred to me that i might have actually gotten a bad piece of electronics - which is a pretty rare occurrence nowadays. i was able to cross check the discovery and my phone with a friend's bluetooth headset (moto hs820 and v600) and found that the plantronics was the culprit.bottom line: check before you get too far from the store. since it is usually a hassle to return items via mail order, i would only buy from a brick and mortar store.here is a tidbit you might want to know about bluetooth chips (ics) - they are not always fully tested! i am directly involved in the semiconductor testing industry and have been for many years. bluetooth chips, and many other relatively low cost consumer semiconductor devices, are not fully tested. instead, the lots of devices are sample tested to statistically insure that a very high percentage are "good." this is in direct contrast to higher value chips, such as intel, amd and ppc microprocessors, that are much more fully tested at multiple steps. the low cost nature of bluetooth chips (as well as many mp3, 802.11, etc.) really mandates the sampled test approach. for the most part, we get away with it. in the case of the unit i bought, it was not sufficient. the fact that i got a defective finished headset means that it is unlikely that plantronics does 100% testing of its finished headset in addition to the known fact that the ic manufacturer they use is unlikely to do 100% testing. once again, check it before you leave the parking lot.i will try one of these again as soon as they are back in stock and report on it again if i get a functional unit.
i read the reviews here and other sites and bought this headset, my first bluetooth headset for my samsung 870 phone. came with a lot of adapter accessories for different phone chargers except the samsung models. so that was all useless to me. nice silver case which looked good but also useless to me since i'm not going to carry an extra box around when i'm trying to simplify.prospairing was a breeze.sound quality excellent with the windows of your car closed.no real complaints.conswith the windows of your car down it was hard for the caller on the other end to hear you, or the radio on for that matter.i could really never find a comfortable fit for my ear so guess what happened,the day we bought a 6ft christmas tree i lost it....... fell out of my ear for the first time in public and now all i'm left with is a shiny silver case and a bunch of junk
i was using a jabra 250 before this one, but ended up breaking the jabra accidently (it's a good product itself, by the way), so wanted to get something to replace it.i was drawn to the "coolness" factor of the plantronics, the nice case, the attachments, the little holder with clip, etc.  and the fact that it's so small.  also, i've used plantronics headsets for many years and they make a great product.it's not perfect, which is why i give it a 4 out of 5.  but it does work well, and it's so small and lightweight you barely notice it's there.  the 3 earbuds give you a pretty good range of sizing, in my opinion, but the ear-clip thing is not that great.  it's much better just balanced in your ear with the right size earbud.no, you can't use it outside on a windy day, but you can't use any headset like that, well, maybe some of the higher end noise cancelling units, but not something this small.  the reviews that knock that fact are not being fair.  it works great for what it's designed for, and if you need to use it in bad conditions, get a noise cancelling headset, or you will never be happy.paired up with my treo 650 with no problems, and actually works better than the jabra with my treo.  the jabra would want to be 'reset' before every call, or it would default to the built in mic, but the plantonics just works once it's turned on.  and when you get a call while wearing it, just hit the easy to find button to answer and again to hang up.  works fine.
i just got this from amazon. i have a treo700wx(sprint) and set up was a breeze and comfort of earpiece is excellent. however, i keep losing the connection between the 640 headset and treo. the headset beeps in my ear everytime the connection is lost and it happens often.  i double checked the connection and everything is set up per the instructions.  just wondering if i have a defective unit or if there is anyone else experiencing the same problems.
a very lightweight and thin case. very good fit while still easy to remove from the case. the texture on the back improves grip and i have the feeling that the nexus is well protected.
fits like a glove, good design, just got it today and im impressed. i really like how it seperates the volume up and down buttons as well as the power button. also makes them easier to push. i wouldnt trust it to save the screen from a 3 foot drop but for ordinary use i think it will serve me well.. also the material has a good feel to it. and its not to slippery.
if you do not expect to be bashing your nexus 7, this is a great and convenient wrap for it and it looks good .
it is a nice rubber case that fits snugly around my nexus.i like it and it will protect it from small drops and bumps. i would by no means expect it to protect it from a full fledged fall or smash against concrete. good for me i don't plan on throwing it or dropping it from any heights i just seem to have little slips and this is good for that. i am happy with the product
i put this on yesterday and it was a good fit....hopefully it will protect to a certain point and keep it clean.
this case cover is very thin and i imagine would only protect from scratches and the smallest of bumps. it fit my nexus quite well, to the point it was causing me some trouble to get it over the edges of my screen cover. but once done i am happy with it. there is no excessive movement, the buttons work easily still and the cut out for the speaker and plug ins work perfectly. it also gives some extra grip to the rather slick nexus, making one hand operation and reading safer and easier.
i honestly love this case. at first i was sort of skeptical about its back design, now i get it though, it obviously needs the two textures to add grip and the other one to make it smooth enough to fit into your pockets with no additional friction to it.
with tpu cases it's usually a hit or miss.  with this one, my nexus 7 is a happy tablet.  the back area has a flat, slick, x area while most of the sides retain a textured area that works very well when holding in your hand.  i often surf the web or watch videos while in bed and have had no problems with the case being slippy.  for the money this is a great case and probably the best you will get under $10.
fits my galaxy note 3 but just doesn't want to stay on the window...keeps falling off.  not much good if it keeps falling off.
this product is really good and easy to use. 2 of the 3 provided solutions work perfectly. however, the circular adhesive console/dash disc is useless because the suction base terminal is heavy and the disc keeps falling. i am not using it anyway, therefore this product deserves a 4/5.
this replace the piece of junk clingo that would warp everytime it hit the sun.  i am overally pleased with the product.  the flexible neck is a bit stiffer than i would have liked, but maybe it has to be that stiff to hold the phone.
this is large enough to hold my i pod touch in an otter box case and my mytouch with out a problem, so my guess is it can hold just about any portable device or cell phone on the market. the grips work well and i have only had it fall off once, but then i licked it and put it back on and haven't had any problems sense. i don't use the vent holder but it looks like it might work if i played with it for a while.
using it with the nokia n97, the left mount side covers de unlock botton and the right mount side presses the camara botton. after installing an unlock application the issue with the ulock botton got solved. to solve the camara problem some foam material had to be cut out.update 27.05.2011 - works great with iphone 3gs, even in protective leather casing.
this would be great product if it lived up to its specs.pros:1.comfortable2.ease of use3.fantastic sound quality on both ends.cons:1. battery doesn't hold a charge2. 12v adapter seems to "cook" the battery.3. has a habit of dropping connection(i think this common to all bt devices)i'm currently on my second "road warrior" headset. the first one became extremely hot when charged with the 12v adapter plug & wouldn't hold a charge for over a few hours., i suspect that the truck voltage(14.1v) is too much for this little battery. i haven't tried the auxiliary truck plug on this one as i don't want to fry the battery. the ac power brick has a rated output of 9v so i suspect the 5v difference is what does in the battery. this one i have only used the ac adapter & the battery life is at best abysmal. the info supplied claims a standby life of up to 100 hours & talk time of up to 6 hours. not even close. yesterday my unit ran 6 hours standby & 1 hour talk before it had to be recharged. if this unit lived up to it hype i would give it 5 stars, but with its poor battery life i only give it 2. if you can live with the battery issues its a great unit.
i've had another bluetooth headset for more than two years. i've never been happy with its performance-it was small and light, but at freeway speeds i just could not hear the other party.i purchased this headset four days ago. i could not be happier. this morning i sat it on my head for a long commute, and forgot it was there within 5 minutes. the road was wet, but even with the accentuated tire noise i could hear every word. i made several calls, and one person was not aware i was in my car.i have a slight audio discrimination problem, which makes it hard for me to hear over noise. this headset has a leatherette ear cushion that fits over the ear, blocking most noise. it can also be turned quite loud, uncomfortably so. this is great, because you are never wanting for volume.it comes with both wall charger and car charger, so i'll never have to carry this one in to the house to charge it.look at the photos before buying: notice that this is a big headset. that's part of what makes it work so well, but if you want the compromises inherent in the tiny designs, don't buy this.update: after another week, i'm still totally excited about this product. a couple of days ago i ran a conference call from my cell phone, from the car. one of the other parties was on a lousy speaker phone. i could hear them perfectly.update after one year (january 2009): just keeps working. still pleased as punch. battery still lasts forever.
this is the best headset for truckers. the back ground noise can not be heard from caller. the ear pices is just the right volume. the mice takes some use to it. when you talk, you talk in a normal voice. and don't have to speak up to be heard. if you put the mice at your mouth, it will distort the sound. the best place just below your lower lip. the paring has to be done every time to turn the headset on. will not automatic paring at turn on. good thing its easy do to.the charge time is great and really holds the charge in stand-by and talk time. the only thing i don't like its heavy and sometimes the mice gets caught on the shoulder strap, when looking side to side.
i drive a truck and found out how hard is finding a good bluetooth headset. many i have tried worked fine, but the biggest problem was that other party could not hear me (because of engine noise). when i accidentally found this one i gave it a try. and it is awesome. people think that i am talking straight to my phone. call quality in my opinion is even better when i use this headset.pros:- perfect voice quality- battery lasts long- noise cancelling microphone makes others to hear you- solidcons:- bulky- expensive (but worth this money)
i,m a truck driver and this headset is perfect for use in trucks, my friends turned me on to this model. i used others that said they were noise cancelling and they did a nice job in my car but soon as i used them in my truck no one could understand me. the blue parrot has a nice quiet sound to it, everyone says i sound good also with the the cup earpiece i have to turn the volume down or it blows me out so you hear very well with it. the only thing i have ever heard close to this was the plantronics 510 but the earpiece was not even close to this
i noticed a few reviews stating the sound was good but it's quite the opposite. the sound is muffled and you have increase the volume level to the max to even hear it. i used these headphones with my new sony ericsson w350. though the sound is aweful, the functionality and dirt cheap price makes up for it. it's your basic handsfree one button headphones but the good part is it allows you to replace the headphones with any others as there is a jack at the end of the hands free. i have a seperate set of sony earbuds that sound amazing and used them on the handsfree. the sound quality jumped and allowed me to continue using hte hands free feature. the only draw back is it left a ton of wiring all over the place as my earbuds have a long cord to begin with and the hands free is almost as long. that was a big draw back but i dont fault these phones. i was extremely satisfied with this purchase despite the drawbacks and you just cant beat the price.very important: for those of you that care for looks, these phones did not come in silver as indicated in the 1st picture above. they came in black as in the second picture. i prefer black so im okay with it but if your looking for silver, you will be dissapointed.
these have clearer sound and more base than the earphones that came with my sony p1i phone.  they are a bargain.  i suppose that they are not as good as $100 earphones, but for this price, i don't expect them to be.  mine came in a simple plastic bag without sony packaging, but they do appear to be a real sony product.  there are included in the package 3 different size rubber tips to fit different ear sizes.
they work great.  came with my phone.  kind of an odd set up with different lengths of wire and the ear things are not foam, they're rubber.  so that's odd, but they sound good.
well, i have no idea what these sound like. they wont work on my phone! the connector is made only for a ericsson phone, which was not stated anywhere on the description. they were however cheap, so i really cant complain too much.
excellent price for a spare or replacement headset for certain sony ericsson phones.  the headphones are the in-ear kind and sound better than any inexpensive phone trinket should.  although the phone i bought them for is on standby service now, i still have the headphone part (it separates from the mic and proprietary dongle) and use it daily for casual music listening on my mp3 player.  when connected to the phone, call quality is good and the mic is reasonably sensitive.
i bought this phone for the sole purpose of making calls and because of the bluetooth feature. i have handsfree bluetooth link in my car, and it has been a great help in allowing me to focus on driving and not holding a phone. i had a motorola razr v3 that was given to me when i signed up for my plan, like most products built now days the stupid thing died just out of warranty period, and don't ever expect a helping hand from motorola, and much less t mobile they both could care less. when i received this phone i installed the sim card and started to use it, i have had it for a few weeks now and the reception is better than the motorola, plus i was able to install a few games and apps. on this phone that make it just what i was looking for and then some. the best part of this is that i did'nt have to lock in under another contract with t-mobile and when the contract is up so will my business to them. i think its a great phone for the money, packed with features, and especially the bluetooth integrates really well with the handsfree in my car.
basically, what i need in a cell phone is the ability to make calls to people i want to speak with, and to receive calls from people who need to speak with me.  that's it!of course, any old phone will do that, but there's my image to look out for, so i also want it to look expensive and sleek, to be able to pick up signals even in office blocks, have long battery life, and have tons of cool features to talk about, even if i never use them.  the ability to withstand sudden impacts and the occasional passing shower is also an asset.so far, this phone has met all my needs as follows:(1) it makes calls just great(2) it receives calls clearly(3) it looks trendy with its cute little handle-shaped antenna, which is very useful as a handle when pulling it from your bag(4) it's not the most expensive, but it looks like a million bucks(5) it picks up signals in office buildings (and elsewhere)(6) excellent battery life(7) it fell and survived  (jan 16 - edit: it fell again and the interior display is damaged. the phone however still works)(8) it got drizzled on and survivedfeature wise:(1) it has a camera and can take video recordings(2) you can set up speed dialing fairly easily(3) it has flashing lights when it rings, and you can change the light shows (or turn the darn thing off already)(4) lots of memory for lots of numbers, e-mail addresses, birthdays and so on(5) you can set different lights and ring tones for each one of your friends(6) you can show a different photo on the display outside to the one inside.(7) it has a stopwatch and calculator(8) it has a loud speaker! (all the better for us all to hear you my dear)(9) media player, and use can use a headphone (sold separately)(10) voice activated commands (answer and busy, or you choose)(11) changeable covers to meet your mood (always gray, thank you)(12) big numbers and letters for easy dialing and text messages (if you're the texting kind)(13) it can vibrate!!!!!!!! (call me back! call me back!)(14) i had somebody send me crazy frog as a ring tone, so i can really annoy my favorite people.  (it's got bluetooth and infra-red for transferring data - but don't ask me how to use them - i just like saying that i have it)(15) lots of shortcut keys to get to things quickly(16) internet services (i can't use these yet, because my provider doesn't offer it)(17) it has a very nice alarm clock featurethings not so great about it:(1) the position of the camera button is bad for me.  i use a body glove case, and when i pull out the phone, i sometimes inadvertently take a picture on the way out.  similarly when trying to open it in a hurry.(2) the picture quality isn't the best(3) it's not easy to open with one hand(4) while the volume buttons are conveniently placed on the side, i sometimes hit them when answering a call.(5) the sound is kinda tinny(6) not enough cool ring tones (yeah, i can get more, but using bluetooth means i have to read the manual)(7) you have to remember to use the arrow keys to get to other tabs in the menus to see all the features(8) speed dialing needs two buttons (i'm accustomed to holding down one button)(9) the lights go out really quickly before you can finish deciding what you're looking foroverall, a great phone for the price, and it looks good too.amanda richards, january 10, 2006
amanda richards hit the nail on the head, but she didn't get into how nice the bluetooth is on this phone.  in addition to being a very solid (both in build and function) phone with a lot of features you wouldn't expect to find in something this low in price, you'll also get full bluetooth 1.2 capability.what does this mean?well, you can transfer mp3 ringtones to it, you can connect a headset to it, you can transfer themes and photos to and from it and you can even tether it to your laptop to use as a modem!if you want a fancy phone, you'll have to pay for it.  but, if you want a decent phone that has an awesome battery life, a sharp, colorful screen, bluetooth that works and custom themes, then you can't do better than this!i like this phone and use it often as a backup phone.
i'm on my third z520a in the six months i've owned it.  the only reason i haven't gone through more is that i've accepted this phone is a lemon.  the phone freezes and can't be shut off, requiring removal of the battery to reset, frequently drops calls, doesn't always let me place calls, and just plain does weird things that result in an unreliable and frustrating call experience.  what is even more annoying is that i purchased expensive, model-specific accessories that will become useless paperweights when i replace this with a new phone - a phone i will be out additional hundreds on, not to mention the cost of accessories.  i'll never buy another sony ericsson product.
this is a solid flip-style cell phone, in my humble opinion.i bought the phone for one main reason:i wanted a flip phone with a voice recorder feature.  while motorola phones to come equipped with a voice recorders, the amount of memory that one is allowed to use for voice records is very limited.  with this phone, i can compose many short notes to myself, such as what items to buy from the grocery store, whom to call, what the license plate number was of the person who hit my car, etc.the phone's camera is also adequate for my purposes.  however, i'm not a big photo taker.  i have used the phone to document damage to my car (after i had a broken car window, for example).the data cable and free software pack is that you can download from sony's website allow you to transfer images and sounds to and from the computer with relative ease, free of charge.one annoying feature of the phone: it takes a non-standard headset, charger, and data connection cable.  so, you cannot use handsets equipped with standard 2.5 mm connectors. unfortunately, i have not found a very good bluetooth headset that works well with the phone.  so, one's best bet is to use the standard headset that comes with the phone.as previous reviewers have commented, the phone's screen does blank from time-to-time.it is difficult to use the voice-activated dial feature.  recognition is very poor with this phone.  motorola phones, in general, have slightly more sophisticated voice-activated dial features.it is also fairly easy to record conversations using the voice-recorder feature.  so, let's say you're on the phone with someone in the car, you don't need to have pen and paper in hand to take down addresses or phone numbers.  you can simply record the needed information and playback.  i often use this feature when i'm calling restaurants or merchants for addresses, telephone numbers, or directions.i've found that battery time is generally quite good.as with all cell phones, make sure you determine what features you want in advance, do your research, and purchase a phone that has all the features you want.i, for instance, am most interested in the voice-recorder that this flip phone is equipped with. i can live with the phone's other deficits.i would suggest going in to one or more stores to make the purchase, if possible.  i realize that is not always possible, particularly with phones that are not very popular or with unlocked phones, as in this case.nevertheless, if you do your research somewhat carefully and thoroughly, you can generally find a phone that meets your needs.
i use in an old-school minivan, with a deep dashboard, and my phone is a galaxy ii (i know, i'll update it soon!)pros:1- sticks well on window.  i've used on all kinds of roads (and switched to 3 different cars), always works great.2- easily adjustable.  quickly adjusts to whatever angle, whether flexing the arm or turning sideways/straight up.  the ability of the tabs on the side to fold in are the best design of the 3 i've had.  the others maintained a fixed holder on the bottom, which affected how it held when i turned it sideways.3- wow, i love the grip design.  it allows each arm to slide left/right.  so, i can keep the bottom ones tighter to avoid pressure on my volume buttons while sliding one of the top ones to avoid pressure on my action button.i haven't found a con yet.good luck!
the design is good and it would be an excellent product if the quality was anything more than terrible. the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking. now i press and press and nothing happens. it's a shame because the rest of it works decently.the suction cup holds well and the tube coming from the cup is pretty sturdy. it moves a lot when the car is moving so you would need to rest it on the dash which would help somewhat but not perfectly.overall one star only because with the poor quality it is worthless in spite of the few good points.
the adjusting capability and holder works in all my vehicles from my truck to the suv easy to install and use
i received my swivel mount and spent a few minutes playing with it.  it holds my droid x pretty securely with the adjustable sides that also have adjustable sliding arms that go up and down, so i do not have to have any of my buttons blocked.  the swivel section is very bendable, but it is stiff and will hold its shape well.  the side arms have a foam coating so they really grip my phone well once they are pushed in.  releasing the phone is very easy too, you just push the button on the bottom and the side arms release the pressure and slide out allowing for easy retrieval of your phone or gps unit.this unit is made to mount to the windshield or some other smooth surface.  i am in new jersey and its illegal here to have anything attached to your windshield.  i do not have any smooth surfaces to attach the suction cup to my dash, so a little ingenuity was called for during my installation.  i took a flat piece of sheet metal, cut it about 4 inches square, sanded it, painted it, then did some light sanding with a very fine grit paper over the paint to make the surface absolutely smooth.  i then attached my custom built metal plate to my dash with some strips of double-stick tape.  then i attached the suction cup to the plate and it holds very well.this is a very good mount and appears to be made very well.  i expect a long life with this product.ps: my friend has the same mount that clips on his air conditioning vent.  he loves it and told me about it, that is how i came to find this one.  i did not want to block the vent, so i got the one with the suction cup and long arm.
bracketron just plain makes good products. works great.what else can i say. here are a few more words to meet the minimum word requirement.
update 2/17/14 the unit is still working however it has gotten more difficult to get the unit to suction to the window. not sure what to attribute this to. once again if you are trying to install on a cold windshield...forget it. the glass and suction cup have to be warm to get a good suction.update 7/24/13 the mount worked as advertised until early july when i dropped it with the phone attached. broke the side bracket. purchased the exact same unit.update 2/24/13 still love the mount. works flawlessly.i have only had the mount for a few days but it is better than anticipated. i drive for a living and have used the mount in 6 different vehicles. works perfect in all. easy and flexible to use in any vehicle. have yet to have the suction demount. this should fit the galaxy note 2 without a problem.i've been using it for a couple weeks and still working great. if you live in a cold climate you may have issues with the suction. we went through a cold spell here in socal (40's) and it was more difficult to get the unit to suction. once car warmed up, no issues.
i bought this item along with one by kensington. the kensington cradle did not accommodate my htc rezound cell with the extended battery. i kept both and am using the cradle from this product with the kensington mount. important note: the gooseneck tube on this item seems like it is solid and non adjustable. it is adjustable. it just takes quite a bit of force to do it, which is good!  the kensington one also does bend. i  consider this to be quite a bargain.
the bracketron products are top notch. already had one of these for my car and the missus was so taken with it she wanted one of her own. found the best price on amazon and bought it right away. now the wife is very happy. . . thanks.
the design is very cheap but i had to give it 4 stars for the price and the fact that i was able to get it to work with my samsung galaxy s3.
when i first bought this it worked magnificantly.. but then winter came and it got too cold. when i tried to adjust it, it fell off...every time! i think it's a great tool and i hope that they make more with improvements for different temperatures.
almost nailed it with this one, bracketron. first, the good: the mount is solid, it stays stuck to the glass, and the flexible arm bit is very stiff and hard to adjust but really stays put once you have it where you want it. now, the not so great: the flexible arm seems to vibrate quite a bit while you drive, and the expanding bracket does not work as well as promised. in fact, the button on the side only seems to open the bracket if you have it rotated 90 degrees to the left (as in landscape, with the button pointing up). i took it apart and realized that this is because there is an assortment of rather cheap gears which rely on gravity to allow the button to only work in one direction. i much prefer my grip go, but if you need a longer mount and/or one with a bracket then this one isnt bad for the price, just not perfect.
the goose neck is too hard to bend to shape and it doesn't stay put on the windshield very well either. i donated it to a local thrift store because it would have cost more to ship it back than the refund was worth.
i use this on my audi s4, placing the suction cup not on the windshield, but the plastic piece right in front of the car control's screen (which is regressed from the front of the console). it has just enough room for the full cup to sit in front of the screen and to the right, so i still have full view of it.  the bendable arm is good, it allows me to put the phone in just the right spot and is fairly strong (i have the arm pretty compressed, it's not stretched out).as others mention, the surfaces have to be clean. but another trick i use is to apply a little water (or spit will work) on the suction cup. just enough to moisten it, before putting it down on the surface. this creates more adhesion so it stays put.the only thing to be aware of is that you really can't adjust the arm much while its suctioned down. doing so pops it off (at least off the plastic surface, not sure about windshield).  but so far, while driving and holding my galaxy s2 phone, it's been sturdy.  i wish there was a version that had a shorter bendable arm, but all i could find were ones that were not bendable, just somewhat adjustable.overall, a good product and i'd recommend it.
great idea and design, not great execution and materials.it works good, but once mounted, almost impossible to adjust-out the sides with the ratcheting mechanism. you sort of have to tilt it backwards to make the ratchet action work. when mounted, you can't tilt it, so it's a real hassle to open.i have mine set, and i just wedge the phone into it when i want to use it.i primarily use it when driving through new york city, to use my phone as a dash-cam. eventually i'd like to get video of the people that walk into my car or cyclists that ride into it... it's great for that.it's obvious the plastic or construction material allows it to fall out of tolerance, which means the ratchet action ceases to function. it's a crapshoot when you build a complex mechanism out of parts that break or wear easy, or aren't built to spec in the first place.
bought this because i drive a lot and needed to have my phone be hands free, i've gotta say i'm pretty impressed with the quality and durability of this product. i've owned other cellphone brackets, and so far this one has lasted the longest. would definitely recommend this product.
this holder is great because it's adjustable to several devices. i use it for my iphone and have never had a problem. it always stays in.
it even seemed flimsy at first and got stuck while we were trying to figure out how it worked. we did get it unstuck and we thought the problem was solved, but we were wrong.after using it for only a couple days it completely stuck and is no longer functional.  pretty upset as my husband really wanted this for his work vehicle and now we have to go searching for another one and hopefully don't run into the same problem.
love how it is formable. i can bend it to longer or shorter, any angle and still turn the phone in place. opens easily and usually can do it one handed with no issues.highly recommend for people with no ability to mount directly on dash and have to use windshield.
pros:very adjustable for different size phones and has a pretty nice reach and stays on the windshield nicely.consthe only problem i have is i had to glue the two peaces together because the backing kept coming off when i was removing my phone several time.
i keep ordering these because there's nothing better for the price, but eventually, the foam &#34;fingers&#34; that grab the phone will break off from being squeezed.  just the nature of the beast, i suppose.
make sure u mount on windshield using the dash as support otherwise u will get alot of vibration when u drive the car. other then that its a good product. i use it for my htc evo works good with it.
review on original purchase:i was tasked by my office manager to purchase some headsets to make our office calls easier. i looked at corded headsets, cordless, and a variety of brands, but this unit kept coming up with high praises.the clarity is great, and it has a variety of volume (macro and micro) for both the mic and earpiece. it works seamlessly with any phone system and has a multitude of connection options. the range allows us to go to the end of our warehouse to look at stock while talking with the customer. not to mention that if i'm not at my desk and the phone rings, i don't have to rush back. i can use both my hands to look up quotes, and stock while i'm on the phone without craning my neck. their are earpieces and over the head options. not to mention the battery life lasts all day as long as you plug it in at night.this order was to add to the existing setup we already had.  love these things!
we bought the plantronics cs-55 wireless headset over three years ago for use in our small business and it was one of the best purchases we have made. my wife asked me to get her wireless headset that she "wouldn't have to mess with" so i selected this one since it is what my company uses (a fortune 500) in it's call centers. here are my observations:+ good range; the unit covers all of our fairly large shop+ easy to setup; just follow the simple instructions and go+ easy to use; simple as picking up the phone and turning on the headset (we addedplantronics hl10 handset lifterto make it even easier)+ great sound quality; we never had any static issues, even in our heavily wireless environment- heavy; not absurdly so, but takes some getting used tothis headset gets used just about everyday that our shop is open and it has never given us any problems. it has passed the test of time with flying colors!highly recommended!cfh
my job requires me to take a lot of notes while i talk on the phone.  i have counterparts in two remote offices and we spend a lot of time on the phone.  trying to hold the cradle with my shoulder while i type is horrible--it slows me down and eventually hurts.  a headset like this is mandatory for me.i've used other headsets before.  this one is really good (although i've used other plantronics models that were more comfortable).this unit plugs into your phone, either into the external jack that some phones have or in between your phone and your handset.  when you take a call, just take the handset off the hook and set it on your table, and then push the button on the headset to pick it up.  it works great.this headset has a 300' range, which is great if you have to move around while you talk.  i've walked down the hall to pick up a print job from the printer and never had any drop in call quality.i do have one complaint about the installation though.  the jack where you plug in your handset cable is very difficult to access.  there is a piece of plastic molding in front of it.  they built a little plastic ramp to make it easier to slide the plug in, but it gets hung up on a plastic lip.  it took me about 15 minutes of messing with it to finally get the plug into the jack.  i was very close to giving up and returning the headset.  i'm glad i got it to work though.
after ordering the cs55 but before receiving it, i read the negative review "very cool but poor sound quality" and was concerned about what i was going to receive.  no worries!  reading the instructions would resolve most of the reviewer's problem with the unit, moving the mouthpiece away from his/her face would take care of the rest!
i use this headset at work and i only had this for a few months, after using it the over the head part that holds the bluetooth broke in half where you adjust the size for your head, it snapped one day when taking it off my head, i am gonna get a replacement but they need to make it out of a better plastic. other then that the sound it great , people on the other line can hear me crystal clear.
we finally tried the plantronics cs-55 dect 6.0 digital wireless office headset and it is awesome!  we were using plantronics cs50 headsets and they just give off feeback and crackle.the plantronics cs-55 dect 6.0 digital wireless office headset is really great, good sound quality, no feedback, no buzzing in your ear!  and people can actually hear you!we have 7 wireless headsets working in our office and 2 are the cs-55.  once the cs50 ones break (which will be soon) i will be replacing them all with the cs-55!
have been using this headset 3 years and it works great.  i use it all day, 5 days a week and sound quality is great and it has held up very well.  it is a very good quality headset for use all day long.  it is comfortable as well.  have had zero problems with this unit
i only purchased this phone because cingular did not carry the new razr with the mp3 player and 1.3 megapizel camera so i had to settle for this one.  the swivel to use the keypad is awful, no one can ever hear me when talking, (even when i use the motorola h700 bluetooth headset), photos taken on a regular megapixel camera phone are better than the 1.3 provided here, can't listen to mp3 thru bluetooth, photos stored on phone often become corrupted for no reason at all, all photos disappear occassionally and i have to turn phone off and back on, too bulky and heavy, battery at times drains after only an hour even without any use, reception very poor and often have to stand in wide open areas.  overall, i am very disappointed with this phone and only wish my contract would allow me to trade it in.  i am a gadget junkie and the reviews on cnet led me to purchase this phone but i truly now regret it.  go with the new motorola razr with the 1.3 camera and the mp3 player, same features in a nice slim package.
sony ericsson w600 reviewupdated note: phone has been sent back to the manufacturer twice now for bluetooth problems. upon thinking about this phone some more, i'd say the software is buggy for a lot of people. please take this into consideration before buying.i bought this phone in early december for the oh-so-not-low price of $390 from letstalk.com. i was (am) only about seven months into my two-year contract, so yes, i paid full price. :eek:in my past, i've owned most of the major brands of phones (motorola, nokia, samsung, sony ericsson, sharp) and right before i got this phone, i was a happy motorola v551 owner. initially, i had wanted the sony ericsson w800, but without the 850mhz band and being a cingular customer, i wasn't going to risk it.in short, i love this phone. to date, it's the best phone i've owned. i don't think it's worth the $390 i paid for it, but that's really my fault. i'm impatient and wanted this phone reeeeeally bad and didn't want to wait until it dropped in price (if it ever will). i am going to cover a few of the major components to this phone and then list some pros and cons. mine is a cingular-branded phone, so keep that in mind when i talk about certain features.camera: i've had a few camera phones before this one. i'll preface this section by saying what 100s of others have said: it's a camera phone. it's not going to have the quality to make even a decent 4x6 print. what it is good for are those moments where you're thinking, "oh! i wish i had a camera right now!". my last phone was a vga camera and i thought by getting a phone with a 1.3 mp camera, it'd be a noticable difference. it isn't really. however, the cameras on phones are such a relative subject since once person can think the pic looks good and others think it looks like total doodie. i would urge you to look at samples of pics this phone has taken and judge for yourself. i wasn't too impressed, but that's not why i bought the phone. the camera has a lot of neat little options (special effects, white balance, shoot mode, night mode, self-timer, etc), but that's all kinda lost when the pictures aren't that great. it should be noted that the camera on this phone and the sony ericsson s710a (a phone very similar to the w600) are both 1.3mp, but the s710a has a ccd sensor, which results in better pics. the phone will also take little (albeit grainy) video clips. moving on...bluetooth: doesn't seem to be as easy to use as with my motorola, but i have some learning to do here. was what was cool was transferring ringtones from my friend's se t616 to mine via bluetooth. free ringtones for me! i don't have bluetooth on any of my pcs, so i cannot comment on bluetooth connectivity in relation to that. i just like that the option (bluetooth) is there.walkman: holy crap, it's a mp3 player on my phone! the walkman is pretty easy to use and so is the software to transfer songs to your phone. it took me about 12 minutes to transfer 15 songs, so it's not incredibly fast, but it's a cool app, nonetheless. the phone can hold about 60-70 songs at 128bps (ripping at other bitrates is possible, allowing more/less songs to be stored on the phone), depending on what other stuff you have on your phone (pics, vids). the sound is pretty damn good. you can listen to mp3s from the speakers or via headphones. i was very impressed. the phone does not have a 3.5mm plug, but comes with an adapter, so all is well. i've even plugged this phone into my car's cassette adapter and played mp3s through the car's stereo speakers. mp3s can also be used as ringtones. all-in-all, no complaints here! well, except the 256mb limit.radio: nice little feature! you have to have the headset plugged in to listen to the radio, as it acts as the antenna, but while it's plugged in, you can send the sound to come out of the speakers. radio is easy to use, channels are easy to store and radio sounds good. the radio (as well as the mp3 player), will pause if you get a call and resume when you're done. you can also use the radio and mp3 player while doing other things on the phone. headphones sound awesome.games: the phone came with six games: asphalt3d, blockbreaker, bruwnswick billiards, jewel quest, name that tune, tetris, and 3d extreme air snowboarding. all games are locked, so you can only play them for about a minute and then you are prompted to purchase them. they are $6-$8, roughly. total rip off. thanks cingular.ringtones: again, thanks to cingular, there are only six ringtones that come with this phone, and they are pretty crappy. there are free ones all over the place, so don't go spending your inheritance on buying them from cingular. or, do as i do and grab them off another se phone via bluetooth. there is a little app including on the phone called musicdj and you can actually make your own ringtones. kinda cool. i've made a few so far and they aren't bad. well, ok, my mom said they sounded horrible, but what does she know?syncing: this phone syncs with your contacts, tasks, notes and calendar, if you have those kinds of programs on your pc. i got my phone to sync with my outlook, which now means i'll sell my pda. se's pc suite works pretty well and transferring files is easy. however, it seems like every now and again, when i am connected via usb, it reboots my phone. don't know what that's about. i don't think any harm is being done.the phone feels pretty solid in your hand, weight-wise. i've never owned a slider/swivel phone in my life, and while it's not the most convenient to "flip" open, it's not bad. you can actually place and receive calls with the phone swivelled shut, too, which i liked.it seems like se didn't leave anything out with this phone (except a memory slot) and i love it. they thought of everything on this phone: radio, little flash light, dedicated key lock button, infrared, calendar, music/video/picture dj,stopwatch, timer, tasks, notes and the list goes on and on. the phone's styling (ie: orange cover) isn't for everyone, but i love it. my phone did come with a 2nd cover, in navy blue. it's styling and shape is great and i love the orange backlit keypad. it's definitely a head-turner.and, above all, reception and clarity of calls is great. i've had no complaints when i've used the phone, the headset, the bluetooth headset and speakerphone. it's really nice. this of course, can be dependent on your network. i live in the midwest in a fairly large area (260k people), so we have cell towers all over the place.pros:* nice size.* bluetooth, infrared and speakerphone.* radio and mp3s* clarity of calls is excellent. reception is great.* screen is nice and bright.* easy to get pics, vids, etc. on and off the phone.* phone comes with everything you need (except car charger)* this phone is loaded - nothing is left out!* sony ericsson's interface is great; apps like the address book are loaded with room for tons of info. menus are easy to use.cons:* no memory slot. on-board memory, while not bad, is limited to 256mb.* price (well, at full retail anyway).* camera is disappointing for a 1.3mp.* phone goes into standby (screen off) after 15 seconds. very annoying and to date, i've found no way to change that.* games are locked for only 1 minute of play. thanks cingular ;( not one free game is included.* keypad buttons are small, and close together. i have small hands, so the key size is not so bad, it's the fact that they are right next to each other.this is a great phone. its big disappointment is the fixed 256mb memory, but for a lot of people who just want to listen to a few songs and not 500, this phone will suit you just fine. i am hoping to keep this phone for more than six months (which is about how often i get a new cell phone) - it has everything i need and nothing i don't. kudos to sony ericsson for putting out a great phone! woo! ;)
i did a lot of research on phones before finally settling on the w600i phone. i really didn't need an mp3 player as i usually carry a pda with me as well, but the features on this phone were just too good to pass up. i considered a motorola razr but saw a lot of complaints about battery life. well, no problems here! i've previously been using a se t616 which had superb battery life, and this phone is equally as good. which is certainly important if you do plan to use it as a music player.first things first...entering phone numbers. so tedious on most phones, and something i always dread. thankfully, the w600i came with software to sync with outlook. it took me a little while to figure out the syncing software. when you hook the phone up to usb, it can go into phone mode or file mode and for some reason the software always tells me it can't find the phone if it is in file mode. so to sync, i had to put it in phone mode. turns out file mode was used only for transferring mp3s. still tells me it can't find the phone, yet the transfer did work! sometimes when i plug it in, my computer won't see it without rebooting, which cost me a lot of time and aggravation trying to figure out as well. so somewhat annoying implementation here, but such a time saver, and something i've never had before at all with a phone, so it's hard to gripe. i usually don't bother to put appointments and tasks on my cell phone, but since they just sync with outlook, now that's easy to do as well. this may not be a smartphone, but it could replace a pda for casual users.the mp3 player is decent enough. sound quality was much better than i expected. then i tried the built-in fm radio. wow, awesome reception here! the cord acts as an antennae so you have to be sure to unwind it for best results, but considering how far from the stations i am, i was quite impressed with how nice it sounded. some simple equalizer settings, nothing special. only gripe would be the lack of an external memory card, there's certainly room for one so it should have been added. i guess sony's proprietary memory stick would be large to squeeze in, so rather than add a sd slot, they just left it out completely. booo to that.phone data features worked great. i got even better reception on the w600i than my t616 and now also have edge. had no problems using bluetooth to connect up to my pda and laptop, and speeds were pretty nice. the media net services worked fast and there were some nice demo services included as well. not sure i will pay for these but definitely worth considering.camera is better than most cell phone cameras i have used, but still nothing great. the pseudo-flash is at least an attempt to improve indoor shots but any real camera still beats the pants off it. you can even use the little flash-light as an sos beacon if you get lost. ;-) even better is the image import included with the pc software. was nice to easily copy over good photos to use for my contacts.to use the keypad, you have to swivel the back of the camera down. it makes a cool little sound and lights up, but it's not the easiest motion to do one-handed and will also make getting a decent playthrough case a lot harder than other phones. the buttons are easy to press though, an improvement over my old t616. there are also a couple buttons at the top of the screen that confused me as to their function (of course, i don't bother with manuals!) i did figure out that they were used when playing games in landscape mode. neat idea. there were a couple bugs in the os as well. when using voice dial, an misrecognized command results in a really weird and annoying sound coming from the phone. and the voice command symbols in the address book are very buggy...appearing and disappearing from the contacts that don't have them. hopefully a phone firmware upgrade will fix these.this is the first cell phone i've had with a real speakerphone. you really can use it without having to hold it up to your ear...assuming you are someplace it won't disturb other users. you can play music through the speaker as well, and use those mp3s as alarms and phone sounds, so lots of things to play with here. for some reason a lot of the phone tones you can buy through cingular are not available for this phone yet, but hopefully they will get those working soon. i also had trouble downloading a couple games i purchased.some users have reported issues with using bluetooth headsets, particularly with voice control. i'm not a fan of having another device i have to charge all the time, so i prefer using a regular handfree. and this phone actually comes with one for free! the headphones double as a handsfree headset in addition to the fm antennae, so it's well worth carrying and using over a bluetooth headset, imo.i was able to get both my pda and my laptop to pair up with it and use it as a modem for internet connection, although my laptop was a bit flaky and did require a bluetooth upgrade and reboot to get it working. great speed difference with the edge network! according to windows, i was getting 400kbps, with my old phone it was usually around 100kbps. the phone has a nice "e" symbol that tells you when you are on edge, and "g" for regular gprs. even in my house out here in the country i am able to get edge, which was a pleasant surprise. i haven't traveled much yet, but it looks like they already have pretty good coverage, and metro areas in particular shouldn't be an issue.so, this may not be the smallest, lightest phone out there. there are definitely some issues like the weird swivel design, voice dial bugs and lack of memory card support that may be cause for complaint. but if your priorities are a phone with great battery life, excellent reception, edge and bluetooth, and easy to use, this one should definitely be at the top of your list. if you don't already have  a portable mp3/fm player, i don't see how you could even consider anything else! i've yet to find the perfect phone, but this one comes so close to it and is so much better than the other phones i've had, i have to give it 5 stars.
first, the white screen of death issue.  i had 3 units til instead of returning tp cingular.  i sent it back to sony.  no more problems.  they flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine.  the wod will seem to occur after you disconnect after a file transfer.  however, wait 20 seconds and the phone reboots.pro: loud and easy to hear from.con:  buttons and keypad is hard to get use to.pro:  the camera is fine for a phone cam.con: battery drain is bad, when you play the mp3 player.
this phone has grown on me.  at first i wasn't sure i needed all this stuff, it felt a bit heavy, i was unsure of the swivel design, and i felt guilty for buying such an expensive phone.  but now i know i'd buy it again.  it's still a little heavy (compared to the razr, which was my other choice) but the reception is great, it has lots of functions, and the interface is easy to navigate.  best of all, the speaker phone function is one of the best i've ever heard.  it's loud and clear.
everything works fine, but it can only sustain less than two days for very lightweight use (most of the time in standby status)i ordered two sony ericsson w600i from wirefly, they are bundled with cingular family share plan. both phone are locked to cingular.talked with sony ericsson support service, sony doubted it may be the problem of battery or phone and both of them.talked with wirefly, they decided to exchange.
i've had a blackberry since the first one came out and i *love* the new 8700 series.  it's sleeker, faster, and as functional as ever.  i recommend the t-mobile version however because the rate plans are much better at about half what cingular charges.
i changed jobs, and the corporate standard is the blackberry, so i had to give up my much-loved treo 650. at least i was able to keep my number and swap the old sim into the new phone.overall i'm fairly happy with the 8700c. i miss the five-way joystick: navigating in google maps is a bit awkward. (alt+scrollwheel for side-to-side). the keyboard is ok, but "." should have a dedicated key. i find the phone sound ok, although some people that i call report high noise levels.the biggest issue is switching between silent/vibrate and ring modes. the treo gets this right: there is a simple, easily visible, sliding switch. you can see instantly what mode you're in, and can switch into silent mode without even removing the treo from its holster.on the blackberry i have to unlock it (using my password) and get back to the main menu screen just to see what mode i'm in (interpreting a small multicoloured icon). if i need to switch modes i then have to scroll to the profiles applet, select it, choose the right profile, and apply it - a total of 15-20 key presses and wheel scroll events.  this simply sucks. since i try to be polite and avoid phone interruptions during meetings, i wind up leaving the device on vibrate only, which means that occasionally i miss a call.rim really needs to fix this. i can't imagine that anyone else has patented the idea of a "mute" switch....update, 2/10/07: the usability issues that i mentioned, plus the lack of third-party applications finally got to me. my employer just added support for windows mobile devices, so i've replaced my 8700c with a cingular 8525.
if you want good phone capabilities and email, then this is the phone for you.  i have had many smart phones which had a camera, mp3 player, ability to do excel, etc and found these phones to be slow and inferior to the blackberry.  while it takes a little while getting used to it, once you do, it is a much faster device than any other phone for emailing and texting.
the blackberry 8700 is wonderful! it does a great job of retrieving email from all five of my accounts, and functions well as a phone and pda. i am thrilled.until two weeks ago, i was carrying around a top of the line dell axim x30 with 624 mhz and wireless capability, and a cell phone. i teach at several universities and do consulting work so i have five different email accounts and i'm constantly checking my email at least twice an hour. prior to getting this blackberry, i had to find a wireless spot to use my axim, stay tied to my laptop, or pay out the nose for web access on my cell phone. it was terrible.now with the blackberry, all of my email accounts are programmed in so i'm instantly notified when i get a message. because i can respond within seconds, i never miss a beat. my students and clients often comment that i respond quickly to their needs, which they love. the 8700 from cingular has gsm and dual band service so i can be almost anywhere in the world and still receive my email messages instantly. i was in hong kong last week and the blackberry functioned flawlessly. i could use it as a phone in hk and also receive and reply to email.additionally, i love the fact that i can synch my ms outlook calendar, contacts, address book, tasks, etc. to the blackberry. (it also has the ability to synch with other pim programs.) i have mine set to sound an alarm 15 mins before i'm due in a meeting or appt and it has been a life saver. when you are always on the go, it's easy to forget stuff. this blackberry makes it easy to keep everything in one place. oh, and surfing the web is a breeze. the display is a nice size and it's crisp and clear and shows almost all websites easily.lastly, i love the size of the 8700. i thought it would be a bit bulky but it's not. this version is about the same size as the 7290 blackberry and fits nicely in your hand.my only two complaints are that some of the buttons and functions are not immediately intuitive, and rim has yet to come out with an assortment of cases for this version. but, after about 15 mins of playing around, i was able to figure out just about everything (the manual that rim provides covers only the basics), and i found a great case on ebay.i only wish i had discovered blackberry sooner!
pretty much the same features as the 7290 but with a great screen and speakerphone.pros:-screen is perfect.-speaker phone is the best i have ever heard.-call quality and volume is excellent-the 2 short cut keys and call keys are a great edition.-nice form factor.cons:-nothing really new added.-battery life is crap.-no "option" for camera-internet has edge but to be honest there is no noticable diff in speed.  maybe a sec or two. get ev-do if you want speed.-internet software has problems surfing and opening some links.-the case of the 7290 and build quality is in my mind what made it so popular.  when they came out with the 7100 series it was a joke.  the first of the series anyway.  no experience with the newer ones.the 8700c is well made but has two major problems.  one the screen is moved up to the surface of the phone(not indented).  the screen also is smoothed out and extends to the top of the phone.  making a nice slick look but easy to scratch in the long run.the 2nd major build quality issue is the grey casing.  why phone companies do this is a mystery to me.  its not the fact that its grey but the fact that the actual case is black but painted grey.  so cany scratch or dent will show black on the grey case.  makes it stand out more.  i have dropped and beat up my 7290 so much but none of this really shows. if you are new to blackberry or have to buy another one this 8700c is it.  but if you have a working older model its not worth the upgrade.also check out the treo 700w although not sure how the push email compares with blackberry yet.
i often hear debates over who has the better smartphone --- palm or blackberry??i have two lines with sprint pcs, with my personal line having a treo 700p and my business line connected to a blackberry 8703first off - i love both phones! however, they are very different, particularly in their strengths and weaknesses --- my review is based upon how well each smartphone handles the following things -- phone functions- email- internet- photographs- multimedia (music & movies)- speakerphone- bluetooth- computer synchronization- misc - (text messaging, system stability, pda functions)okay..... here we go -1. phone functionsfor me, the treo 700p has much better phone functions --- this is mostly because of their touch screen capabilitieswhen i wanna dial a number off of the treo, i immediately start spelling the person's name on the keyboard, and i immediately go to my phone book, where i can touch the number i want to dialthe blackberry is a bit more complicated, as i cannot touch the screen --- therefore, i'm limited to dialing based upon scrolling to the right name and then pressing the numberoverall, the blackberry isn't bad ---- however, i know a lot of people like to use their phone while driving their car (with a bluetooth headset on) or like to use the phone in situations that require a quick reaction.... if you wanna use your phone in the car, then the treo is the best choice, mainly because the touch screen allows one to go to any name and dial immediately --- as funny as this sounds, you can really only use a blackberry, for phone calls, in situations when you can give it total devotionwith that said.... if you are not dialing numbers while driving in the car, then the blackberry's phone functions are fine.... they take a bit longer to get going, due to scrolling.... but they get the job done just fine (and yes, you can use the keyboard to look up names in the address book, as well)2. emailokay - this is really the only category where the blackberry really beats up the treo 700 and beats it up good!!!first off, email on the treo 700p is no totally useless.... the treo comes with versamail, a program that handles all pop, imap, and other email accounts with ease..... there's also a program available called chatter email for the treo, which makes the treo's email functions even faster and more versatilehowever, the big problem with treo email is that one has to download the email --- in other words, you have to log onto chattermail or versamail and wait for a few mins as the program downloads all of the email you've received --- now you can configure a program like chattermail to be constantly downloading your email, so one receives it immediately, however this is a bad choice because such a function basically keeps the treo on a 'constant' phone call, as it downloads email --- in turn, your cell phone mins get eaten up, battery life goes down quickly, and phone calls are missed do to your phone being occupied on the 'other line'the blackberry, on the other hand, downloads all of your emails immediately, without draining the battery, without interrupting phone calls, and without eating up your cell phone mins --- my blackberry can download my emails more immediately than my own laptopin addition, the blackberry 8703 keyboard is absolutely awesome --- so i much more prefer to write emails over my blackberry than i do over my treo 700pin summary on this one, the blackberry is clearly much better with email.... and if email is the most important thing to you, then go blackberry for sure! --- however, the treo 700p holds its own with email, provided that you are willing to wait and download your emails over something like chatter or versamail3. internetboth phones handle internet similarly, however, i would give the edge to the treo 700p mostly because of the touchscreen, as it allows one to navigate webpages with more freedomthat said, the blackberry is fien too, just a bit more limitedboth phones can connect your laptop to the internet, depending on your cell service --- i've been very pleased with the treo's ability to connect my laptop to the internet, provided that i use its usb cable with the program usb modem ----- i don't have as much experience doing this with my blackberry, but i have heard that the results are favorable when doing soevdo speeds on both phones are very good4. photographsif pictures are important, then the treo 700p is the clear winnerthe treo 700p comes with a great multimedia program, fueld by an embedded kinoma player, which can allow you to show off pictures with pretty good easei'm a mac user, so i use markspace to get my pics onto my treo and i'm very pleased with the treo's ability to show off pictures --- the resolution and quality are shown off very welli have yet to get pictures onto my blackberry though --- i have seen other friends of mine show off pictures on their blackberry, but the program does not seem as sophisticated or as user friendly as palm'sclearly, the treo 700p is made to handle pics, whereas the blackberry is lagging in this area5. multimedia (movies/music)i am actually deeply impressed with how well the treo 700p can handle multimedia, both music and moviesi am a filmmaker myself --- with the use of the program, kinoma producer, i have compressed many of my short films to small files, for the purposes of showing them off of my treo to some friends --- the treo 700p plays the files excellently, with sound coming out of the speakerphone and the resolutions of the films looking excellent!even better is that the treo 700p can handle mp4's and mpeg4's, allowing me to encode the best resolution and best sounding files onto my treo ---- sadly, the treo 700p cannot play songs downloaded from the itunes music store, as those are copyright protected, but it will play anything that one encodes with my own devicesthe music/mp3 player on the treo is also excellent, playing tunes through the speakerphone, or through the headphones that the treo comes withas far as i can tell, the blackberry 8703 does not have any multimedia functions, so good luck getting an mp4 or mpeg4 onto this thing ---- however, blackberry is working on this, so future blackberry's will have this capability --- but if playing movies and music is important to you, then the treo 700p is the only choice in this departmentlastly - important to include that the treo 700p also has a built in camera and a built in camcorder --- and the camcorder movies taken on the treo are actually pretty good quality! --- the blackberry 8703 has no camera and no camcorder6. speakerphonethe speakerphone on both phones is excellent and easy to use, with both being loud and clearif speakerphone is your main buying point, then you couldn't go wrong with either phone7. bluetoothbluetooth is very solid on both phonesi've been especially pleased with the treo 700p, whose bluetooth capabilities are much more solid and stable than the old treo 650pthe blackberry seems to have few problems connecting with my bluetooth headset and other devices ---- i would say that both phones boast great bluetooth capabilities8. computer synchroit's important to note that i have a mac and i sync all my phones off of my macfor the treo 700p, i use markspace's missing sync, as palm's software is terriblefor the blackberry, bb has launched free mac-syncing software, that can be found on their websitesyncing any smartphone off of a mac is never an easy thing and i've not been too happy with the processwith that said, i'm pleased with markspace's missing sync as, for the most part, the program does a good job of syncing my treo's contacts and calendars, as well as doing photos and music --- unfortunately, the syncing process seems to take forever (usually at least 35 mins) but syncing once a week isn't a big deali was pleased with how well the blackberry synced to my mac, however, none of the email addresses for my contacts have transferred --- so there are some kinks to work out, and it could be that i'm just not syncing it rightmain point - both phones sync fine with the mac, but expect some minor probs --- however, for what its worth, i'm pretty satisified overall9. misc - (text messaging, system stability, pda functions)it is important to note that the blackberry is much more stable than the treo 700p --- i have had my blackberry shut down on me once in the last few months, whereas the treo 700p probably shuts down once a weekso if stability is important, than the blackberry is the way to gothe calendar and address book functions of both phones are excellent, but i would say that the treo 700p's pda functions are a 'bit' betterboth phones are fine with text messaging, as well--- conclusion ---if i could only use one of these phones, then i would definitely pick the treo 700p --- the reasons why are because the multimedia functions very much impress me, as i like to store some pics and movies on therein addition, the phone functions are easier to navigate and the touchscreen is something that i couldn't live without on a daily basis --- text messaging, bluetooth, and pda functions are all excellent, as well, with email being the only thing that lags (but even that's not so bad)however, i love the blackberry's solid system and its excellent email performancehaving one as my personal cellphone and the other as my business setup is the perfect balance --- however, i would give the slight edge to the treo 700pwith that said --- if you want multimedia and other phone functions, in addition to better phone functions, then the treo 700p is your phoneif you are all business and clearly value email over multimedia, then the blackberry may be your best bethope that helpspeace and love & happy buying!!!!muhammad ali hasan
this is my first blackberry.  how i got along without it all this time i have no idea.  earpiece quality sounds great, speaker phone sounds great, microphone sounds great.  the overall layout is quite genius.  i love all the programmable features and the bluetooth accessories are a must.  web browsing with edge technology is surprisingly fast.  if you text message often as i do, the keyboard and the "auto-text" features are amazing.  i literally send text messages 10 times faster than i used to.  if you live by email as i do, (90% of my clients orders are placed through email), receiving them instantly is so important.  no more running back to the office or home to check for orders.  i highly recommend this product.
i've been using some form of blackberry ever since the early days of the 950/957. this latest version is a great step up in terms of usability but really no huge functional differences from earlier models.recently i swapped my blackberry 7100i for the 8700c.if you spend a lot of time using your blackberry device, then you definitely want to upgrade to the 8700c:pros-better screen (on par with the 7100)-version 4.1 o/s-can load mp3 ringtones-better call notification settings-faster web browsing (though not lightning fast)cons-the data speeds are not lightning fast-requires a blackberry data plan (lots of new buyers don't realize that you must have a bb specific plan in addition to your regular phone plan)-batter life is just ok-some quirkiness in the 4.1 o/s-expensiveoverall the bright screen and the slightly faster web browsing make this a really nice upgrade for anyone who is a serious bb user. currently only one carrier is offering this phone, however search around and you can find services that will allow you to enter a number to open it up to other gsm based carriers (which is what i did) and make full use of their network and your existing plan/sim card.
the galaxy s3 is a great phone, but its finish is very slippery, and the phone is too easy to drop. this case solves that problem inexpensively, and without adding a lot of bulk. the volume and power keys are harder to operate than without the case, though. that's a good thing for the power button, as it prevents accidental power-ons. it's not as good for the volume control, though. but it's well worth the price.note that in order to get the holes to line up right, i had to put the volume control side of the phone in the case first, then stretch the case over the power button side of the phone.
i have bought at least half a dozen cases for my s3.  i think i have finally found my favorite, and one that may make me stop looking for something better.  i feel my phone is protected in this case, and all the buttons work properly with it on.  i especially like the matted back.  makes the phone feel as sleek as it does without a case.  i would recommend this case to a friend.
case was garbage. what i got was not whats pictured. also nothing lined up. sent back promply. would not purchase again.
good item..on time delivery..had a bit getting use to plug insert for power cord,  worked it out.great price and neat
was looking for a simple, classic, black case. theres lots of flat/matte black cases out there but i liked this one because it has a lil black gloss trim and that helps the phone slide in and out of my pocket easily. great case for the price. perfect fit too.
ear pieces for voyager worked great. helped with the fit for my ear and they were very comfortable. they are good quality and lasted right up to the point the voyager quit working. if only the voyager was as good quality as these ear pieces, i would still be using them.
the wind screen works great... the ear buds work, they are the same as the original, they arent just the foam piece, its the whole adapter..... i'm buying 5 more packages before they quit making them for my 3 510's and my friends that use 510's...
i bought this to replace the tip on the voyager i sometimes use.  it fit perfectly, and works as advertised.  if you're looking to replace the tips on your voyager, this is it!
watch out people -- the notched circular connection on these ear cushions does not fit the opening on a plantronic voyager pro -- the diameter is too small, and they fall out. however i ordered the "medium gel eartips",plantronics medium eartips for voyager pro [3 pack] pack of 3, and the connector on those does fit. so i'm keeping the gel eartips (not this item) and throwing out these foam ones.
great factory replacement parts for plantronics plt 510.  ear cushions with o rings fit tight with no problems.  the new foam cushion feels great on the ear.  my old earpiece had a black covering that was coming off in my ear.  the windscreen is great too for the microphone.  makes your bluetooth like new again.
i stupidly left myplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset [retail packaging] in my car too long before realizing how the sun and heat were going to expedite the disintegration process of the foam covering of the earpiece.  i don't use my bluetooth earpiece often, so when i did go to use it, the soft foam just crumbled in my hand.  i was irritated with myself because i had no idea where to get a replacement foam covering.i should have remembered all the times amazon has come to the rescue!  when i found this foam replacement set, i was delighted because buying it would address another, nagging problem i've had -- the plantronics headset picks up any slight breeze and makes it intolerable for the person on the other end of the phone conversation.  so, buying this set let me replace the eartip plus add a windscreen to the speaker boom, too.putting on the eartip cover was tough because it's a tight fit, and you wonder if you're going to tear the eartip in the process (i didn't).  putting on the windscreen on the speaker boom was not as difficult, but it also was a tight fit.  i did have the speaker boom windscreen fall off once when i was transporting the headset around in my pocket.what's really nice is that still have left-over pieces to this set that i can do another repair job in the future (as long as i remember where i stowed these pieces!).highly recommended!
i picked this up on amazon for under $20 after months of thinking about buying one. my needs are small; i'm not on the phone all that much, but in the car a lot. i'm also not overly picky. if it works...i'm happy.the motorola is small; about 2.5" long and yet it seems to pick up my voice quite well and the sound quality on my calls thus far has been good. better than on my nokia phone! the earpiece is adjustable, and fits my ear very well.the packaging on this item was kind of weird. plastic baggie with the charger, bluetooth headset and directions. i guess i expected a box?the unit charged fully in about 2 hours. my nokia phone picked it up just fine once i enabled the bluetooth to find it.all things considered, for the price i paid and what it does. i'm happy with the purchase. the true test will be the item's durability and battery life, which only time will tell.
it lasted for less than a year and i always had trouble hearing people.  it never sat well on my ear, no matter how i adjusted it.  luckily, it was less than $20, so no big loss.  i was disappointed because i expected better from motorola. the volume control was awful. it never seemed to make much of a difference.  i wouldn't recommend it at all.
bought this as a surprise for my girlfriend, she used my motorola h800 slider headset & commented how it would be nice to have one so she could talk & not have the hold the phone.  she loves it & it does everything she needs it to do & i saved about $20-$25 off store prices so it was great for both of us.  if you or your girfriend/wife are looking for an inexpensive bluetooth headset go with this one, good little headset at a good price.
i gave this headset to my wife and she uses it all the time.  works great and is comfortable.
i bought this for my wife for christmas and i am disapointed in the voice quality.  when she is in the car talking to me on it i can barely hear her because of the car noise and even with her having the radio on low it is still annoying to hear everything in the background.  for the almost $50 price tag i thought it would be better quality since it was the step up from the entry level bluetooth.  i also havent found how to put it on the left ear yet, i feel like i am going to break it if i try to pull the ear loop off.i would recommend spending another $40 and buying the jawbone bluetooth.  i got one as a present and it works great and fits better on my ear.  i drastically reduces background noise.overall, i am not impressed by motorola and thought they would make a better bluetooth for this price.
the weight is nice and balance on the year is good.  the features are good, but one must remember certain button combinations for extended features (like press two buttons at the same time to mute the microphone).  the battery life is good.  a significant issue is that it picks up surrounding noise better than the person's voice who is taking, which means that it often can't be used.  if you don't drive a very quiet car, like a bmw or mercedes, then users may complain that they can't hear you and ask you to "pick up the phone."
this item did not fit easily on the ear.  earbud not designed properly.  i would not recommend this product. also too bulky.
well, it's a good little bluetooth for the money.. i've only had a couple times when it's cut out on me and not worked right, but 3/4 of the time it works beautifully and people don't even know i'm on it! i think the times that i did cut out was because i was too close to metallic objects.. pipes and things.. so.. that sounds like a good excuse..eh?works good for me, and is cute and small, fits like a dream, good battery life.. all in all is a good bluetooth.
i have no idea what they mean by "motorola retail packaging", but beware it is not the same as the picture on the website.  i received this headset loose in a plastic bag, along with the instructions and the charger.  the charger had been ripped out of it's bag and used (the cord had obviously been re-wrapped and secured with a grocery store bag tie).when i complained to amazon about receiving used merchandise, they immediately sent a replacement via overnight, but the customer service person could have cared a less as to why amazon is selling used/returned merchandise.i just received the replacement today. while it doesn't look used, it too is just in a plastic baggie - no packaging like the webite shows.  i bought this as a christmas present for my wife (to go with her pink razr) - i'm sure she is going to be very impressed with the plastic baggie packaging.  i sure hope it works better than it looks!  really bad, amazon, really bad.
i purchased this bluetooth as a gift for a family member's sony ericsson cell phone.  we had to play around with it at first to get it working properly.  she still has minor issues with the headset, but overall she likes it.we decided not to return the headset because i did pair it with my iphone 3g, after three attempts, without using the passcode.  i was able to use most features easily, with clear reception.  so the earpiece isn't defective.  the price was to good as well.buyer beware, and do the research on the pairing capibilities with your electronic device and this bluetooth.
i like this bluetooth headset. it is a bit heavy and the headset does not stay in your ear, it dangles. you can use it in your left or right ear. the audio is pretty clear but, people can barely hear me when there is wind and other noises so, the noise cancellation is not that good.
first of all i just want to say, this low cost bluetooth headset is a great value.  there are a lot of bluetooth heasets to choose from on the market today.  many are more stylish and have more bells and whistles, but for under $30.00 this headset is one of the best values out there.  this pink version is very cute and offers a perfect color match for the versizon v3 series motorola pink razr.  however, i believe the gentle pink color is the only stylish element of this headset.  take away the pink and you are left with a very generic looking earpiece.now lets talk about performance.  the h500 couldn't be eaiser to use.  it paired with my daughter's verizon motorola pink razr in just seconds, and the button configuration of this unit makes perfect sense.  the buttons have gentle action yet offer a satisfying "click" feel when pushing them; not mushy feeling at all.  the sound quality of the speaker is quite good but not acceptional.  the voice quality of the microphone is very impressive.  when i am on the phone with my daughter, she actually sounds much better with this headset than when using the razr phone alone.  it does tend to pickup a great deal of background noise though, so it may not be the best in noisey environments.  the h500 sits in a very stable manner on my daughters ear.  the ear hook is soft and flexible and can be worn for extended periods without discomfort.  it does not look or feel as if it will fall off your ear even when tipping your head.i am giving this headset a full 5 stars.  i do not rate the h500 so highly for its outstanding style, but rather for its simple functionality, solid performance, great build quality and overall value for the money.  you just can't get a better bluetooth headset for under $30.00!  i highly recommend this headset for any woman that is looking for a cute color match to her verizon moto razr, while also seeking a comfortable fit and impressive performance.  there may be better looking headsets out there, but you'll likely suffer penalties in cost and/or performance.
the price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that i was able to justify buying one:) the h500 works fine with our lg shine. although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (well, not too bad really).it was an easy setup. the device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. it also has a nice blue led light. available in many colors of choice.why 3 stars? the volume control is hardly palpable. it is hard to adjust the volume while in use. your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust. even the call button is difficult to press.i like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear. it is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear.
light weight and simple to use. my charger was bad but agfa store sent me a new one very fast.
it is easy to use and set up but quickly went out of style. the pink coloring is very feminine and nice and the blue light button is easy to use.
i ordered the h700 after reading a number of good reviews. i got it from circuit city, so it's not a 'counterfeit'.  it pairs well with my moto q9c, and it is very comfortable- but thats the end of the good things i can say about it. the volume is too low for me to hear callers if there is any ambient noise, and the static which happens sporadically *usually when i'm on an important call makes this virtually unusable.  i guess i will rma and see if this one is a dud and the replacment is any better.
5 stars if it fit more in the ear than on it.  there's a gap between it and the ear when it's on.  that doesn't seem to affect call quality or volume but it feels a little floppy that way.it does probably make wearing it for a long time more comfortable.  it is small enough to forget about and since your ear isn't plugged the outside noises sound like it's not there.for the problem where the mic gets blocked, i've noticed that the more horizontal i make it, the more it sits off the face.  if i turn it so that it is more vertical it moves the mic closer to the skin.  but that'll vary by user due to ear shape.pairing with my razr was very easy.  i tried with a v600 as well and again no problems.  call quality is good and i can walk into the next room and still have no problems with the call.  haven't tested the max effective range, but i can walk around the aparment and it does seem to meet specifications.  my razr is impossible to hear in a noisy environment but if i use this headset i haven't had any problems.  seems to be ok on the other end as well.
this is one of the best purchases i've made on-line. the h700 is a big upgrade for me (previously used the h500). no complaints whatsoever. love the fact i can turn off the headset by just closing it. i have a small face & small ears -- this dainty piece is perfect!
compact, stylish, and very comfortable.  currently one of the only headsets known to work well with the htc mogul.  i wear it all day and never run out of my charge, and sometimes even forget that i am wearing it because it is so lighweight and comfortable.  amazon has top pricing on this product too.  i could buy two here for what i'd pay full retail elsewhere.  sound is clear on both my end and the receiver's end.  great product and great value.
i use this unit with my palm treo 700w, which has a pretty lousy bt radio, so that may explain part of the reason why the range is so awful with this headset.  max range with clear line of sight is about 6 feet, but usually less then 24 inches.  it is barely usable if the phone is on my waist in its holster.  major disappointment.  my jabra bt250 is better with the treo, but not hugely so.my biggest problem with this headset is that people are constantly telling me that they can't hear me.  i have to lift the mic boom away from my cheek and then they will say "ah! much better!".  when that is only the case while i stand there like a dork with one hand holding the mic boom away from my cheek and the other hand holding the phone within a foot of my head.  this looks pretty silly walking down an airport terminal, and rather defeats the purpose of having a headset in the first place...i'll say this, though - the h700 performs the feature that i was looking for which was so bad with the jabra bt250 - it actually stays on my ear.  i have small ear lobes, and the jabra won't stay put - if i lean down it falls off.  the h700 stays on very well, and you hardly notice it is even there.  very comfortable!too bad the mic gets blocked by my cheek, which makes it worthless about 50% of the time.**update 5/11/2006**- solution to muffled sound problem...i trimmed a tiny piece of adhesive-backed felt (the kind you put under bowls/vases, etc. you will have on your coffee table)and placed it on the little gray bump on the boom, just behind the tiny mic opening. this creates an air gap between the mic opening and your cheek - problem solved!a great headset with pretty good reception and wonderful form factor. 5 stars if they fix the mic hole clearance problem!
i've had my h700 for almost a year now, and not until recently did i learn it was a fake!  woah!  after reading the pdf on this page about how to spot a fake, i quickly learned the one i picked up on ebay was a fake.however, the headset has worked very well.  i compared it to a bluespoon ax7 in-ear headset, and i ended up keeping my fake h700.  overall, it has been a very good copy, although not the real thing.  very reliable.  however, i am still disappointed that i did not get the real headset.is there anything i can do about this?
i switched ot this model from a jabra 47d.  the motorola was much easier to disengage from the phone simply by closing it.  also, the motorola stays on the ear more securely.  the only drawback that i can see to this model is the sound quality is not as good as the jabra.
overall, while this isn't the best headset in the world, it seems to work fine. it's a bit overpriced for what it is, but not too bad of a value. my report card:design: a-, flip-boom works well, but not as advertised (see below). buttons are few and easy to use, main button is a bit sensitive. usb charging is a real plus.aesthetics: a, like most moto products, it's an attractive piece (though a bit odd). some color options would be welcome.build quality: a, it's a solid unit with good materials.comfort: b+, it's lightweight, but the ear clip pinches a bit. (the old hs850 was actually a bit more comfortable.) stablity of fit is very good but not perfect.compatibility: b+, no problems pairing. "flip" boom connects / disconnects quickly, but only when your (non-motorola) phone is in standby mode; the stated "rapidconnect technology" for answering calls appears to be a motorola-only feature. headset has full handsfree functionality that is very easy to use. however, it occasionally emits a soft beep that has yet to be resolved.outbound sound quality: b+, callers can hear me fine, but some have complained of a "speakerphone" quality to the sound. decent noise cancellation with no echo.inbound sound quality: b-, volume is improved and adequate, but could be a bit louder still for noisy environments. incoming voices are clear but lack bass. minimal static.
very good. good battery life, nice mini-usb charging port (convenient), decent sound quality on both ends. just a bit of crackling, not quite as strong as some other bluetooth signals, when arm or body in the path of the headset and device. and perhaps a little annoying that the bluetooth light is so big and prominent. also, the button may be a little too easy to press, if it's in the pocket or a case, when you don't want it pressed.
i threw it out because of terrible volume/clarity on both ends.  go for the scala 500- i just bought my second (lost my first) and it's the best on the market.
i've spent the last two weeks ordering and returning bluetooth headsets.  finally, after going through quite a few models (motorola h350, motorola h500, the plantronics 655, the nx6000), i found a great one.  i was willing to pay up to $150 for a headset that was comfortable, easy to use, and -- most importantly -- that my callers didn't complain about.  this headset has great sound quality on both ends, and the setup and buttons are very easy to use.  the boom folds out, and the headset turns on.  you fold it back, and the headset turns off.  several of the headsets i tried had terrible buttons -- small and hard to work without looking in a mirror.  these are great.i was really looking forward to writing this review tonight as i'm hoping i can help someone else avoid all the research i did (cnet, endless googling) only to find this one through trial and error.look no further, you've found a great headset!  buy it now!(and no, i don't work for motorola!! haha)
this h700 replaces an hs810, it is smaller, lighter and seems to work just as well with similar battery life. it cost less too !
i have a lg cu 500 and the phone did not have a problem in recognizing the cell phone.  however, i have a problem with the mic as it picks up everyy sound in the background.  if you are in a quiet room, the phone is great.  however, if you are in a mall or at the check out counter, you hear the background noises better than you hear the person on the phone!
i bought this several days ago, it is easy to use.after 2 days, i can not turn volumn up and the sound is so low and i can not hear it when i am driving (i have a lexus new car, it is quiet). or i did not operate correctly, but i follow the instruction in the manual.anyone has such experience, please let us know.thanks,sumulu
i previously owned an h300 and was impressed with the quality for the price.  when i lost the h300 i decided to try the h700.  i was most interested in the improved sound quality and the fit around the ear.  in those two areas the h700 is definitely an improvement over the h300.  i did not use the voice activated commands, so i cannot speak to that, but i do see where that could be useful.overall i do see the h700 as an improvement over the h300.  my only problem with it, which is why i did not give it 5 stars, was the bluetooth drop out.  it seems that the bluetooth on the h700 drops out more often than the h300.  i would say that it drops out on 1 in every 20 calls.
i expect it has lots of room for improvement, but being my first bluetooth ear piece, and from what i have read of other units, it is good.  it works fine and sounds fine, and does it being on my ear and not in my ear, which i appreciate.it seems there must be a little easier way to get it on my ear but i have not found it, but once on it stays in place and is comfortable, more than can be said for other models from what i read.  i assume too that it will be dated in a few years as it is twice as thick as i would have wanted it to be.lastly, if anything looked like a button it is the chromey little "m button" next to the larger oval do-all button with the ambiguous "1950's receiver" symbol ... that round m button was not referenced in any diagram or mentioned in the book so i decided it was for decoration. i tried pressing it too to make sure. is it a future button? or past? silly and confusing. very silly.the unit works fine, i hear the callers, the callers seem fine with it, of course technologically it is a "marvel"; tho easier to get on, thinner, and less glitzy would be my wishes.ps tho listed as silver, what i received was the shiney "graphite" which i was happy to discover, as it then was a perfect match to my new "tinted dark chrome" (shiney graphite) motocrzr, so i lucked out there. and the "bulked packaged" thing sounded a bit scary, but what i got was great and supposedly saved some bucks!
i read a lot of reviews on a lot of headsets before purchasing this one. i've had it for a month now and so far the performance is just fine. i use it mostly in the car with no problems. people tell me they can hear me just fine. the battery life is good; the lights on the headset are helpful indicators. i like the small lightweight size.my wife tried it out and was pleased with it. so i've purchased a red one for her....she'll get it for christmas.
the h700, some love it, some hate it. wherever you fall, a lot of people are talking about it.pro's /  con'sit is comfortable and light. / depending on the size of your face, your cheek may block the microphone resulting in muffled sound.if you are a lady with long hair that falls over your ear it will get caught in the boom microphone and snagged by the rubber tip as you flip the boom open and closed to answer calls.distance is quoted as  up to 30 feet / some phone combinations have distance issues if the headset and phone are not on the same side of your body.pairs well with my motorola razr v3 and cingular 8125. / other phones and pda's have problems so your mileage may vary.the controls are small, multifunction (each button does may things) and are easy to access but hey, they are on the side of your head.microphone is very sensitive / people have complained about wind noise, echoes in rooms, and "who else is in the car with you ?"headset volume is loud, louder than most / its adjustable so this is a good thing.the headset lights up in four different colors to show various status (charging, pairing, standby etc) / you can turn off the flashing blue 'i am using a fancy headset dork lamp' but it will come back on after the headset is turned off and on again.a note a caution1. this is a young product and the complaints and returns have resulted in two versions (version a and version b) of this headset in the market.  version b fixes a number of problems that version a had with certain phones.2. distance is poor compare to other headsets and even other motorola bluetooth products.  i have changed my headset and cingular has replaced the phones (razr v3 and 8125) twice with no improvement. distance is less than 10 feet with static and dropped calls.  do not expect to leave your phone in the car and pump gas or get the mail without complaints.  some folks with the verizon v3c razr have reported getting better distance but few past 10 feet without the call degrading or dropping.support3. motorola gives you 30 days to try and return with refund, however the return shipping is on you.  so with shipping / tracking / insurance expect to spend another $5 even if its their problem. if its longer than 30 days, you are stuck with it.update 6/1/06product was returned as defective and received by motorola 6/15. a new one was to go out 2 day fedex. 22 days later i received it today 7/7, not new, just a refurbished headset. no charger, manual, case, or  warranty card.update 11/18/06died again. will not pair, make, or answer a call. motorola will not send a replacement until old one is received.  no free-shipping this time.bottom linegoogle "motorola h700 problems", make an informed decision. if you can, try before you buy.i would give it 5 stars for style, 3 stars for execution, 2 stars for how well it works, and 1 star for their support policy.
...i have it paired with my razr v3 phone. sound quality is excellent, both receiving and sending. it is loud enough that i can hear in my rather noisy car without a problem. no one i've talked to has complained about the sending sound quality at all--most didn't know i was using a headset. pairing was simple and worked according to the instructions.the headset fits me well, doesn't have any problem with my glasses, isn't particularly noticable when i'm wearing it. the buttons are logical and work well.the charger is the same as the razr charger (same voltage/current and connector), so now i have two chargers that can be used with either device...and can charge the headset using the car charger i got with the razr. this is very handy! i think that the charger compatability should seal the deal for razr users--in my opinion, this is definitely the bluetooth headset to get if you have a razr.the only negative is that the manual, like the manual for my razr phone, is imcomplete. for instance, although the container says that you can pair with up to eight devices, i could not figure out how to pair with additional devices, nor how to switch between devices. i wish motorola would invest in the writing and production of proper manuals--or at least to make the full manual accessible on the web, if they don't want to clutter the manual for most people with features most folks won't use.oh...and i'd also like to be able to wear the thing without having to put it in standby mode...but given how little energy standby mode uses, that's not a really big deal. perhaps if motorola made the microphone boom switch always switch the headset off, but not switch it on unless you press the big button, at least as an option.
i had a h500 but when it stoped working i went to get the h700 and i like it much better. sound a quality is as good if not better than the h500 and the h700 has some better features than the h500 now if it would only i can listen to my mp3 sounds from it with my razor it would be that much better
i really wanted this to work.  it's a great design and it's easy to use and set up.  sound quality listening is great.  sound quality speaking, for others to hear, was unacceptable.  this could be because of the way it fits me, since this seems to work well for many others.  if you try this out, however, it's very important to check that others actually hear you well, and not, as in my experience, too loudly and with too much low end on the sound quality.  i'm returning it.
i had the 850 and thought that it was decent but could be better so i bought the 700. let me just say that i own the motorola v330 and from reading the other reviews, it seems that this headset works best with the razr. that being said, it does not work well with the v330. if you move more than 4 feet away from your phone, you get a ton of static. people tell me that i sound muffled when i'm talking to them. my advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it.
recently purchased a razr v3.  have tried several headsets without luck.hs805 uses a battery, but had the best soundhs815 - okh300 - poor - low volumem500 - very poor - lower than the 300, beepshs850 - good design, poor volume (again, too low) highest setting, constantly beepsplantronics 640 - a joke, falls apart in your hand.  little pieces everywhere.the h700 - finally a good quality headset!  callers have no problems hearing me...  i have no problem hearing them while on the road.  i have a quiet car, but always found myself pressing a headset into my ear in order to hear conversations.  not the case with the h700.  this thing has volume galore!  in fact, i had to bump it down a few ticks, works great at highway speeds.  it's comfortable... (unbelievably light) you think the 850 is small....  the 700 is truly 30% smaller as moto claims.  when closed, this thing can hide behind a .50 cent piece.  buttons are easy to operate by feel.  anyone who uses a headset regularly knows that adjusting opposing buttons can be challenging - not with the h700.  there is a place top or bottom to rest a finger if you need to adjust up or down easily.  pairing and setup took 1 minute.  sound for me is crystal clear.  this thing has all the bells and whistles.  works as promised right out of the box. 4 stars for design and operation.  one plug home or car fits all, 5 stars for a top notch product.
when it comes to headsets, the sound quality is the bottom line for me. i'm sorry to say that this one doesn't have it. i found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike. i find it easier to use the folding boom to turn it on/off when dropping it in a pocket rather than using a button like on most other models. the big issue for me was the muffled sound, both for me and the caller. the other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem. i have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them during a call. this lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality. only one of the other 7 i tested did worse. (i also tested the motorola hs850 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one.)
love the battery life, look and size, but have found the sound inferior to my  bottom-of-the-line hs 805.  frequent static.and then the topper--whenever it is on, the blue light on the side blinks.  the instructions say that this stops after five minutes, or that it can be disabled by holding the two volume buttons.  both are lies.  maybe some twenty-something year old designer thought it was way cool to walk around with a big blinking led on the side of your head, but i can't use this in a business setting.  it's going back.
it's didn't work for me r my phone its as a lot of mess on it i think this seller shouldn't have any more item on the best website i think
this is a replacement for a prior motorola bluetooth headset of very similar design. i was quite pleased with the old one, until after about 2 years when it just died. that was 2 years of daily service, so not an issue. but this new one has issues holding pairing with a blackberry 8700g, and has significant voice static unless the blackberry is on the same side of my body as the headset, and not in the holster. the old one didn't have that problem.on the positive side, the usb mini charger saves me one more power adaptor when traveling, which is a good thing. they should all have that feature.
the electronic parts worked fine; it sync'd fine and sounded alright. i just didn't like the way it fit on my ear.  it didn't feel stable or secure. i have the same problem with my headset with a similar ear pattern at work.
i hear lots of static, even before making a call.  i have motorola h500 too, and that headset has no static with my phone (verizon lg vx8300).  this h700 has lots of static.  called motorola tech support, and their best solution is to return and replace it.  as far as usability goes, this a great headset, over the ear is more comfortable than in ear and the fit is perfect - nice and snug.  i'd keep it without any doubt if it wasn't for static noise.  while i hear static, people on the other phone can hear me fine, just as good as when i'm using h500.
i purchased this bluetooth headset for two main reasons. first, it uses the same charger as both my motorola razr and rim blackberry 8700c. secondly the device easily turns on and off each time you extend the microphone.i've used about 1/2 dozen other bluetooth headsets and this is one of my favorites.here are my summarized pros and cons:pros:-uses the same charger as other motorola razr phones-open/close microphone to turn headset on/off-small, lightweight and easy to put on (one handed eve)cons:-only connects to one bt device at a time. i have both a razr and blackberry that i carry with me everywhere. with these two devices i cannot have the h700 connect simultaneously (other bluetooth products - notably the plantronics) are able to connect simultaneously to two devices.i recommend this headset, and amazon has the most competitive pricing available. easily beating even the discount superstores where i'd seen this for 50% more.
imho this is slightly better than the moto hs850.  it's smaller, and lighter.  the boom is smaller.  but if that's not an issue, then both are equal imho.now for the problem where people cannot hear you, or you sound muffled or away from the phone.  wearing your bluetooth, look in the mirror and see how the boom touches your cheek or if you have a beard it'll touch that.  note there is a very small hole on the inside of the boom that gets the sound.  now anything that touches that will impede your voice....it's like putting a towel over a regular phone and talking to someone. not you do not need puffy cheeks for this problem to happen.  unless you have a very narrow face, chances are this will happen to you and you'll blame it on the bluetooth!to fix this, get either neoprene tubing or that sticky foam on one end (mole skin) and cut a small piece and put on the hinge near the boom then a smaller piece (if needed) on top of the other.  this will make a space between your cheek and the boom so people can hear you!  you will still be able to close the boom.
i recently dropped my land line and went 100% wireless for telephone service; with this change, i wanted to make sure i didn't suffer from numb arm talking on the smaller cell phone for longer periods and wanted to use a hands-free approach. my previous experiences with that were not very satisfying back in the day of earbuds and dangling wires. but, with a new cellphone came bluetooth wireless capability, which opened up a new world of options.i had played with a number in the store, but didn't get any real world experience with them. but, i really liked the design and feel of the h700. i did some research - much of it through reviews here on amazon; this left me a bit skeptical as there were many unfavorable reviews written here - they mentioned negatives like poor sound quality, minimum range, and bluetooth connective problems to name a few. but, i decided to side with some other review i had read and the positive reviews on amazon.the bottom line is i am very happy with my h700. i have experienced absolutely no problems - the people i have talked to all can hear me fine, and i can hear them; i have had the h700 up to 7 feet from my phone with no reception problems; and the h700 was easy to setup with my phone (lg vx8300) and immediately connects whenever i turn the device on.feature-wise, the h700 is great! the buttons are easy to use and understand and the flip mic is great idea...the phone rings, just flip it open (keep it closed to conserve power) and the call is answered immediately; flip it closed to end the call and it powers down as well. the h700 also features a button for answering and ending calls if you don't want to power down the unit.i highly recommend the motorola h700 as your bluetooth headset choose - i have yet to find a negative about it.
i like this headset. it is very comfortable and lightweight. stays on fine when adjusted properly. the volume is great. callers say they can hear me fine without noise interference. what i like best is you can close it to turn it off an open it and it automatically reconnects. you can answer call waiting with this too. also i haven't had it randomly disconnect as i turn my head as my other one did. i don't know about battery life yet as i only have had it 3 days.
a lovely bluetooth headset design to fit most bluetooth enabled phones does the job as requiredperfect function and great quality call sound and microphone is extra ordinarygreat great greatgreat qualitygreat soundgreat microphonegreat jobgreat pricethis bluetooh was a must to find i searched all over the globe but did not  reach out finally amazon went back in stock with this the seller of this one was  great and of course the deviceit functions well and is absolutely a breakthrough keeps a charge long leather end for comfortabilty and fashioneasy use easy pair easy happy product defentily recomandedi got this and this works wellwhy take the plantronics v510s or something similar they all have a similar look while this is exactly a third price and functions same great?!!
however i just did not enjoy the size of this behind the ear unit, found it to be too big. it is a little difficult at first learning how to slip this around your ear but after awhile it works out ok. please note that you do not get to use your selected ring tone, it automaticly (motorola hand set) defaults to its standard ring while the blue tooth is actively connected. you can turn the ear piece off then power on to answer in order to keep your fav ring tone. all in all it works very well, sound and loundness were very good. however, i just did not like the size of this unit. it is quite bulky.editjust picked up a hs850, now that is more to my liking, however i hope there will be no issues of a broken wire in the flip boom as the reviewer above mentioned.
when i got it i was a little scared. it was my 1st bluetooth and it looked like something straight out of star trek. you have to be a little careful with the twisting earpiece since it's in a sliding ball inside and can slip out of the groove very easily if you change ears too much(which mine did on day three). the range is not as far as you would like it to be, but boy can it hold a charge. it'll outlast your cellphone battery everytime! and, the fit was pretty comfy behind the ear. the buttons are also very easy to use. remember to speak up though...people tend to have a problem hearing you as well as you will be hearing them.
i purchased this headset to replace a jabra headset suddenly that died.  after using this for a month i find that it works great and is as clear as the headset i replaced.  i have not had the problems that others report with the sound but i have a razr v3 so maybe it is more compatable with this phone.i have had not had any complaints from anyone i have spoken with about not being able to hear me and i and tried it by having a friend use the headset while i called them to have a conversation and i could hear just as clearly using a regular phone.it is also comfortable to wear and the buttons are easy to feel when wearing the headset and easy to push which makes it easier to use when driving.  i have medium sized ears with detached lobes and i am a girl so i have not had any issues with fit or feeling uncomfortable because it looks like an earring.  a friend saw me wearing it and thought that i had purchased some cute earrings, she complemented me on my taste then realized it was my headset.  personally i think it looks better than the bulky lt. uhura style headsets.i have a motorola v3 and my car and wall chargers fit this headset so i can charge it anywhere.great value for the money.
it got a lot of static noise. the connection was not good either. you have to put your phone within 6 inches away from the ear piece to get better reception. regret for buying it. one useless item and money go down the drain.
i love the size, form factor, and usability of this headset.  incoming sound is good.  unfortunately, the outgoing sound is a deal breaker.  if there is any background noise, this headset will pick it up and transmit it just as loud as your voice.  the dsp helps a little, but affects the sound quality dramatically (think overcompressed mp3).  i am an attorney and need to talk to clients; i need to sound professional.  unfortunately, this $100 headset does not match the sound quality of a $25 wired headset with a boom mic.  i am trying to modify mine by rewiring it with a boom mic from an [...] headset, but so far i have not gotten it to work.  i am willing, though, to risk destroying the jx10 in order to have a chance at better outgoing sound.
i tried a few bt headsets and it came down to the nokia bh-800 and the jabra jx10.  both units have good audio quality.  i also liked that both units are small.  thus, you don't look like you are on your way to a star trek convention while you are wearing them.while i liked the jx10's design over the bh-800, it had trouble understanding my voice commands.  i use microsoft voice command with my xv6700 pocketpc phone.  i had to speak to the jx10 very slow and clearly to achieve only a 50% success rate in it understanding my commands the first try and subsequent tries.  the bh-800 understands my commands closer to 90% on the first try and 99% on the second try.the jx10 was comfortable in my ear without the earloop.  it never came close to falling out- it passed the head tilt test and the bend over test.  with the earloop, however, i could barely hear the unit.  the earloop prevents the unit from coming close enough to the ear.pros:1. good audio quality.  people can clearly hear me and i can clearly hear them.2. it's small.  it's less "geeky" than some headsets.3. nice look and button layout.4. charge cradle and usb charging is a nice bonus.cons:1. i had to remove the ear loop so that i could get the unit close enough to my ear to hear it.2. i felt like i might break the unit when connecting and disconnecting it from the cradle.3. did not work well with microsoft voice command.  this was the show stopper and why i picked the nokia bh-800 instead.
so far, none of the bluetooth headsets i have tried has surpassed or reached the sound levels and quality of my plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth set to which i always revert after trying a new model in my never ending quest for the perfect bluetooth headset. jabra jx10 has approached it a bit more than the other jabra models me or my wife had (bt250, and bt500) and maybe it has a better fashionable design, ultra low weight and slick look, but its sound quality is still one class below plantronics.pros:- extremely small and light- can be charged from a pc with a micro usb cable- among all the jabra headsets i had (bt250 and bt500), jx10 has the best outgoing sound quality and level.  my conversation partners could hear me just fine (surprise, because i didn't believe into microphones being in my ear instead of close to my mouth).- it can supposedly be worn with or without the ear clip (hook).- very nice, fashionable and sophisticated design for a graceful lady or a slower moving person (my sudden moves in the gym, car or with my little daughter sometimes knock this set out of my ear)cons:- incoming sound has a great deal of static unless the phone is very next to the set (it's so bad that when i decide to change the ear, i have to move the phone to the same side of the body)- volume level is too low for city dwellers, unless i forcefully press it hard against and into my ear.- it doesn't fit well and stick inside my earlobe with or without the plastic hook:with the hook it sticks out a bit and doesn't fit into the ear as close,without the hook it falls off too easily and too often (if you think the problem is in my ears, on one occasion a plastic surgeon chose me as an example to demonstrate that nobody's ears are perfect because i was physically closest to him, but then he changed his mind.)  i choose to wear it without the hook because it fits better into my ear but i'd never ride my bike or do any sudden movements without the hook.- it's so light that i don't feel it if it falls off- for the above reasons i definitely don't recommend it for sporty and fast moving individualsbottom line: nice and fashionable set for people who don't move much and won't use it outside or in noisy areas.
i've had a few bluetooth headsets over the past few years, and this is easily the best one i've used so far.the main talking points have already been covered to death, so i'm just going to give you a couple of reasons why i love it.first and foremost, it pairs to two devices.  most headsets will only pair to one device, so if you want to switch between devices, you have to re-pair it every time.  in my case, i have the headset paired to both my motorola q and my playstation 3. whichever device i am using at the time, the headset will automatically connect to that device.the sound quality is excellent, and the range is far greater than any other headset i've used.so there it is.  it may not be a ten page review with all the jabra specs pasted in, but that's how i feel about the thing. :-)in the oft-repeated words of mothers everywhere, "try it.  you'll like it."
i can hear people on it fine but have had nothing but complaints from friends.  i can't use it.
i'm very happy with my jabra jx10 headset.  my treo 650 is very finicky but it works pretty well with the jabra.  the jabra jx10 is amazingly small and most people can't even tell i'm on a wireless headset (which is really amazing because everybody knows when my wife is on her plantronics 640).also, i have a car with a convertible top and i can still hear people fine when using this headset- it's quite loud.p.s.  i upgraded to a treo 755p in the summer of 2007 and it continued to work great - range and sound quality were even better with the treo 755p.
i just spent the last month trialing 6 different bluetooth headsets. i'm a frequnt business travler & heavy user. my phone is a treo 700w.on with the review....pros:* pairing it took only seconds, very easy process.* it work better than, with my phone, the other 5 headsets. meaning when i hit the send button it was on.....when the phone received an incoming call it was on. extremely responsive.* very comfortable, i wore the headset for several hours for 3 days without any complaints.* excellent incoming sound both volume & quality. the sound quality was as good as the phone internal speaker.* battery - i never ran it down but charged it each day. i typically talk 3 to 4 hours per day.* minimal "static" i could wear the headset in my holster without any issues.* it would work up to the 10 meter mark but the static would pick up significantly.con's:* the outgoing sound wasn't much better then most. i was told that i sounded like i'm talking....."in a tunnel" & "on a headset"so as you can tell the positives outweigh the negatives. it's a good headset but not for business use.
i use to be the flagbearer for the cardo scala 500 and logitech pro --- and while those headsets hold a special place in my heart, they'll never see the light of day anymore because of this great new headset from jabrathe jx10 is an excellent headset --- i'll list the pros and cons below -1. sound quality outbound --- i called my own voicemail and talked into it, while wearing this headset --- not only did it sound great in my regular voice, but i could even hear myself whispering (yes, i tested that too) --- so don't believe those who say that people on the other end will not hear you --- outbound sound quality wise, its the best headset out there, as i heard no static, no drop-outs, and no tunnel effects2. size --- easily, this is the most comfy headset out there --- it is optional to attach it to your ear, and wear it without the loop --- honestly, the loop holds it in place much better, with no discomfort one bit --- yes, you can wear it without the loop, and it will hold okay, but either way is fine --- the thing is tiny which is neat3. call pick up --- call pick up happens instaneous, with a half a second delay --- no manual initiation necessary4. battery and charger --- the battery seems to hold just fine all day --- and the charger is real small --- the package also includes a usb charger, so that you can charge it over usb on your computer, which i thought was pretty useful for people on the roadother pros would be that the range seems pretty solid, and pairing was easy (i liked that jabra created a seperate pairing button)i would consider volume a pro --- it would be nice if it was louder --- however, i can hear everyone just fine, provided that i'm indoors (whether that be in the office, in the car, etc) --- it can hold its own outdoors, but if you use your headset a lot outside, then you may wanna test run the jx10 first --- i think the cardo scala 500 had the loudest volume, and the jx10 comes very close to that loudnesscons ---1. buttons --- this is really a minor complaint --- i think the button placement (accepting calls, ending calls) could be a little better - but its not a big deal, and certainly, not a deal breaker --- the thing is so small, that its kinda hard to fit any buttons on it anywayshonestly --- can't think of any other consthe headset is definitely the best looking --- silver with black streaks!i love this headset, and its gonna be awhile until its unseatedyes, the price is steep, but its worth it --- take my word for itthank you for reading and happy buying!!!!!
works great for my home office. i use this a lot. no defects or issues so far. i've had for about a month.will buy again if it breaks. highly recommend.
reviews on this product were very good but there was one piece that would have likely broke easily per reviews and for this price point i decided to return it.
i use mine every day.  good quality connection and reliable.  battery life is also very good.
i was tasked by my office manager to purchase some headsets to make our office calls easier.  i looked at corded headsets, cordless, and a variety of brands, but this unit kept coming up with high praises.the clarity is great, and it has a variety of volume (macro and micro) for both the mic and earpiece.  it works seamlessly with any phone system and has a multitude of connection options.  the range allows us to go to the end of our warehouse to look at stock while talking with the customer.  not to mention that if i'm not at my desk and the phone rings, i don't have to rush back.  i can use both my hands to look up quotes, and stock while i'm on the phone without craning my neck.  their are earpieces and over the head options.  not to mention the battery life lasts all day as long as you plug it in at night.great product!
i have this headset for work and use the band that wraps around the head instead of just the ear loop.  i find this is the most comfortable option for me.  the headset has been great and i have never had a problem with it since i have owned it (approx 2 years).  the range is great and i can get up from my desk and walk to the printer during a call no problem.  overall i am very pleased with this headset and others in my office have purchased this based on my recommendation and they love it as well.
while waiting for my order to arrive, i read a negative review about a terrible echo.  my advice to that reviewer - consider reading the instructions and adjust the mouth piece away from your mouth (not in the instructions).  initially the headset hanging on one ear was a little uncomfortable, but within days i was walking out of the office forgetting i was even wearing it.  the range at the building i work is less than 100 feet, not a problem for my use.  can't imagine not having the headset lifter or the flashing light accessory that clearly tells others when i am on the phone!
cliffnotes summation-  awesome well thought out easy to install product.......!!!details-purchased the cs55/hl10 after an amazon price match locally. been using the standard plantronics corded headset for years on my old att 4 line business phone. i finally got tired of the corded limitations and researched this unit online.basically the system installs nicely and the "handset lifter" is included($39 value)at the amazon price. my older phone supports a headset but is not configured for the newer headset connection option which this plantronics unit also supports. the lifter is simple to install and powered from the plantronics headset recharger base. handset and speakerphone capabilities are not affected by installation of the lifter device under the handset. you can use your phone handset if your earpiece is still charging or be really lazy and just use the speakerphone if your situation allows that.with the lifter installed you simply put the headset on your ear, push a button on the earpiece and the lifter raises the phone hand set about 1/2 inch out of the cradle and your line becomes active. then dial your number or hit the your speed dialer on whatever phone you are hooking the system to. what really clinches the deal on this system is that you can use your older desk telephone without having to spend additional funds on a landline phone set.wireless frequencies-the new wireless frequency standard is extremely clear and static free with my office netgear n900 and dlink n-wireless routers up and running without any equipment or frequency conflicts that plague the older systems that may have caused major problems in the past. during my test calls and walking around testing in the house the voice quality and signal was crystal clear at all times.good installation instruction manual and online help if you need it make this a real snap to install. let the headset charge in the base for 3 hours and you will be up and running for 10 hours of talk time if you need it..............plantronics cs55/hl10 wireless headset bundleplantronics is not the cheapest but it is one of the best and it just works!!!!!
update:  after several motnhs of use, this unit is working great.  range is easily 50 ft+  i like to pace while i talk on tough calls, and this unit is flawless for that!  ;)---the plantronics cs55 is a nice desk-based bluetooth unit.  i use it on an inter-tel phone system at work.  the body of the unit connects to your telephone line, an ac adapter, and a unit that sits on your phone to lift up the receiver during calls.  so there are a lot of wires, but you can tuck it away at the edge of your desk.  the ear piece, which charges on the main unit body, is pretty hefty and i generally have a hard time getting to hang on my ear securely. but it is flexible and after a few moments of adjustment, it stays pretty well but still wobbles around a bit.  earpiece quality is very good.  for speaking into the unit, you will need to recrd yourself at different mouthpiece placements (e.g., talk call in to your own voice mail).  the mic picks up lots of noise (rustling of clothes, breathing, drinking, etc.), so it is good t be aware of how these are being heard by doing some testing.  good voice quality, but watch those extra noises that yo might not be used to thinking about on a normal phone handset.  good unit, works fine.
my old plantronics headset needed to be replaced and i went with this one.  it is much more sturdy, with the headset resting very comfortably in the charging unit.  my old one would 'float' once in a while and not charge when i thought it was, which meant i couldn't use it the next day until it charged for a while.  not so with this unit.i had a behind the head band i use which for me is very comfortable and i can quickly take the headset off and it rests on my shoulders.  sound quality is excellent.  i have not had any complaints on the other end either.highly recommend this product for anyone needing versatility and walking around from the base unit.  i can easily get files from across the room or do other things while talking without missing a beat.
i am extremely happy with both the sound quality and the range from base on this set.  the freedom of not being wired to the phone & headset base it great.  my only complaint is that the "over the ear" pieces are very hard & uncomfortable -- there are several sizes but after a couple of hours, all earpieces are terribly uncomfortable (and i am someone that has worn over the ear headsets for 10+ years).  i finally switched to the "over the head"  attachment, which has a nice, padded earpiece and it solved the problem.  i usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.  i would have given this 5 stars if they had figured out how to make a comfortable earpiece.
i have tried 3 or 4 different bluetooth headsets for my office phone but finally decided to stay with the plantronics one because it is the most comfortable one and the sound quality is definitely the best.  the handset lifter works great so you won't have to push buttons and lift handsets and ....it just makes things a lot easier.  great product!
not a lot of these batteries around my area, the 1 i did locate wasn't nearly as cheap,  this works great.  not sure what else to say about a good battery.
the product was what i was looking for, a little delay on delivery but no complain, a lot more cheaper than getting it at any retail, so the wait is so worth the wait. can not complain, but i will recommend it
i got this battery last year from my dad who said he got it on amazon for three fifty, worked mint and fixed all my phone issues (except ringer though not their fault, att doesn't support all features on my motorolla phone also bought on amazon), phone cutting off, no low batt warning, the batter was lasting for a week approx new, now i only get a day or two at most before needing to recharge but can still make at least three normal call (hold, push this, your call is important to us, enter this, leave a message, etc) thats fifteen minutes of calls.  now this new battery i got to get a full week again after full charge, being unplugged for three hours after one five minute phone call if it was that, was in the red (battery dead).  makes no sense charged it yesterday and haven't had any calls or made, and it still shows three bars (seventeen or so hours later)  contacted the company to let them know it dies quickly with just one call, they said they needed my phone number for more info (sent it).  then checked the second email from them on the same day they were both sent, which said sorry, mass volume business, replacements already been sent. (don't know why they wanted my number, lol) they were on it so if this comes and works fine i'll say five for quality and five for customer service.  (note:sfplanets ipod replacement headphones for 1.99 have serious issues, both right sided, one side tinny, they couldn't send me a good pair twice, gave up for two bucks i'll ware a hat to keep in the rightees, and tiny one works just sounds funny on one side, anyway this is not them)  if it doesn't work or is the same as the one they sent, i'll give a two i guess just for the good quick customer service, and use my old battery at least it gets three good phone calls.  remember got a cheap replacement phone just to get by is my only phone so it's needed and don't want to pay full retail for a new in factory plasic battery.  plus i guess i've got the one phone call battery and the new one which well see what that is and despite inconvenience i may carry them as back up for certain scenarios, just to be able to make one last call so to say.  hate doing that though, be nice if stuff just worked fine, first one ordered did.  oh, i'm gonna talk to my dad and have him check his amazon records to find out who he bought it from and order one from them if this replacement doesn't work.  tired of extra's heaphones, batteries, especially when their faulty.  though we'll see if these guys are like sf planet and i'll repost to let you know what happened.  my reviews are always long but give almost all the details.
i charged this battery and used  it on my sell phone one time and it is very good battery, but know i am keeping it as a spare, till the other one stops working.
this battery is great! it was shipped immediately and even arrived with almost a full charge. i did finish charging it before use and it has lasted almost a week, although i don't use my phone a lot. it looks and works exactly like the original and is well worth the price.
doesn't work, phone keep showing invalid battery.  wasted my money!  thought about returning it, but it's cheap, so i just don't bother.
the ability to leave my mp3 music (cell phone) in my gym bag and get a serious workout without disruption is worth the price along. being on call, it's also important that i don't miss any of those important phone calls. getting interrupted with a voice announcement of who's calling makes it all worthwhile. after the first use i was hooked. all of my weekday workouts are with my bluetooth stereo headset. as for the weekends, i'm back to the zune, not because i dislike the headphones, because i need to escape from the phone.
this is a great product for an entry level user...pros:-good sound (not great just good) bluetooth will not deliver as much quality as wired audio... still enjoyable-great range, and full featured remote control (can be used is you connect your player to an stereo as only remote control)...-it includes a 2.5mm to 3.5mm cable for plugging to any player of when you ran out of battery (too bad is not 3.5-3.5)...-i have been using them for 2 days now... a lot.. and i have not charge them twice yet... so great battery life so far...cons:-after a while (an hour or so) it start hurting the upper part of my ear. this is the worst part of this product... but its ok for casual listening-sound is ok and volume level is low for noisy enviroments... keep on mind these ara open headphones... so sound will be lost.-i already have a button hard to press... (prev. song) and i have not pressed excesively hard...-overall feels cheap even though it looks great... and the band might break easy cause is plastic...i know i gave it 3 stars... it does have many cons... but i am happy with my purchase.. i will enjoy them a lot..
i've been having it for weeks. it works fine when both listening to music and talking via skype. the mic pick up my voice quite well even with that small hole away from mouth. once fully charged, it lasts a long time when using it for stereo music streaming.pros: sound quality is great, as being a bluetooth headphone. battery lasts long enough. the microphone does pick up sound perfectly.cons: feel a little pinched above ears after wearing it for a while. it would be great if the belt is expandable.
after wearing for a few mintues, i got blister and swelling ears. it has no insulator. it hurt the back of the ears so bad and that when i notice i have blister. i don"t know why motorolla  called themselve engineer. you don"t need a rocket scientist to have some kind of pads or insulator to protect your skin
i bought this one 2 years ago, it still work well, battery life is good and i recharge it once a week, it can be charged on car too.volume can be adjusted easily, i like chat with driving and it is a wonderful earphone.with a cable you can connect to your pc directly and listen to music too.in winter it is so wonderful, as it is a ear protection in a cold and windy morning:-)it is a little bit heavier at beginning, for man it is perfect, my daughters can not wear it without holding it.in one word, it is a good product.
i got one of this first, and tested on samsung upstage cellphone, it was great, so i ordered another one for my samsung blackjack and the att tilt,it does what it claims to do, loving every minute of it. i even took to myrtle beach listening to music while on the beach.the downside, it 'wears' your ear, and after an hour of using it, your ears gets a bit uneasy with it...
great sound, quick sync.  the headphones are a bit heavy to run with, but for relaxing around the house they are great.  i was suprised that i could talk on them too.
i purchased the headphone from local storepairing is easy, press big m button on left side till the blue light bacomes solidthen run search, pick motorola ht820, enter passcode 00002 options appear on my mda (2.26 official rom)hands freewireless stereothe sound is pretty good, but the problem is: it's not good under crowded enviornment (a lot of hollow noise)seldom skips with mda
the ht820 by motorola delivers wired quality sound (when in a2dp mode) in a wireless format. it also has a microphone so you can make calls on your phone or use it as a microphone for your computer (with a bluetooth dongle).pros:-very good quality sound. they are better than my computer speakers. it's about 180 kilobytes a second on bluetooth.-soft ear pads. they are very comforatable and make them alot nicer to use.-battery life. i haven't owned another ad2p headset, but these things can go over 10 hours on decent volume without stopping.-came with a carrying bag. it was fuzzy and could hold the pass through cable (which allows it to be wired as well), the charger as well as the headset.cons:-i'll be straight; this thing is freaking huge. each earpiece about half the size of a 20 year old male's fist. and the headset can't bend well.-when you wear these for over an hour your head will begin to scream at you in pain because it's like pinching your skull. it goes away after about a month or two(don't put it in the bag or it'll bend them back to normal).-you can't charge and use it at the sametime, which is a bummer.comments: the glowy light is a pain and i did alot to try and turn it off because the manual doesn't say a thing about it, and then i somehow turned it off. later i found out that you press both &lt;| & |> buttons on the right ear piece and it turns the lights on or off.compared to other headsets in the current bluetooth headset market, i'd probably go with these.
i've had these for a while and liked them.  if i wear them for more than 30 minutes, the top of my ears against my head hurt.  i was willing to put up with that because i liked the wireless aspect, and they sounded good.  the ear cushion is great, it's just the weight pushing the rubber shark fin piece against your ears that hurts after a while.recently i laid them down at work over the weekend.  i guess i laid them down incorrectly, because they are now misshapen.  once that happens, you are out of luck.  they will no longer fit against your ears.so they sound great, but no longer fit.  i think the ear pieces are just too heavy and it relies on the plastic head/neck band piece to maintain an exact shape.anyway, i am disappointed and will not buy this model again.
i'm using this product past 5 months and its b'ful and awesome sound quality. i didn't found any issue with this product. easy to configure and connect. it works with my sony erricson w580i walkman phone as well as my laptop. sound quality and beats are very good. distortion only if u move your head 90% on left, but ignorable. its not bulky and fit easily. its in build mic is good. while playing a music if call comes u can atend it with this headset. it has its own volume adjustment. overall, a good peace which makes me fully satisfied. i got what i was looking for. no wire hassle now.
i have owned this item for at least five years, i don't believe that i've never reviewed it.  this was one of the first bluetooth headphones to come out and i still believe it is one of the best.  i have only a couple of things that i would consider to be cons. 1.  the headphones are really heavy on your ears.  it becomes painful after a while.  2.  the buttons are really sensitive.  i have accidentally called and hung up on so many people that it's ridiculous.  on the other hand, i love the ability to listen to my mp3 player and use my phone with the same headset.  i have been told by many people that the sound is incredible compared to their bluetooth headphones.  the bass is wonderful and people can hear me clearly when i make a call.  it picks up background noise which is not good, however.  i tried other headphones and i keep coming back to these.  they are, by far, the best pair that i have owned.
i bought these to pair with my samsung p2 music/video player. the pairing was easy and all of the features work well with the p2 except i can not change the equalizer settings on the p2 when paired and p2 does not support fm radio with bluetooth.the sound quality is very good (not too much bass) and great for a wireless headset but not in the league of the shure earbuds that i have or the bose quiet comfort 1 (both which cost significantly more than the jabra). listening to music or watching videos in places where wires are problematical --- as well as those who exercise with a music player --- these an easy buy, espcically at the price of $38+ dollars.i don't use these with my cell phone as i use a jawbone for my cell. for some reason the jabra paired with my computer but i am not sure why i can not get sound. dell's bluetooth module has always been problematical, so i will assume it is the computer and not the jabra.
after reading some of the other reviews that were not so favorable, i was pleasantly surprised with this headset after taking advantage of a really good deal recently.  the sound quality is excellent with really impressive bass response.  now i am pairing this with an lg vx8700 and perhaps that makes some difference.  there are some minor issues though.  placing the phones properly on your head can mean that they are comfortable for a time, but eventually after about 2 hours they do seem to pinch. but even then it is not unbearable.  i have cycled with them, music stops when you answer and then resumes.  i have jogged with them, ear pieces pop off so you can rinse if necessary. occasionally either the phone or the headset gets confused if you are trying to do something too fast.  flipping through songs, and you have to re-pair the device.  sound quality is pretty good through the microphone considering the distance.  very slightly muffled, but still clear enough to not be a limiting factor.  a cool feature is that tap the right ear piece and it opens the music player on the phone and starts playing.  jabra should consider putting a locking button at an appropriate location because it is easy to inadvertently push one of the many buttons when you are taking off or adjusting the phones.  eventually you do learn how to handle to avoid this, but it is quirky.  i would so recommend this headset for those looking for something to pair with one of the newer phones that support a2d over bluetooth.  excellent for cycling!update 8/22/07  this headset continues to operate great, despite being dropped numerous times. as a side note, i found as i was riding today that the pairing between my lg vx 8700 was fouled as the music was intermittent.  while there is the occasional stumble in the otherwise smooth streaming, this was different.  i ended up removing the device from my 8700 and re-pairing it.  fixed.  the only thing i can think of is that i had recently unplugged my phone while it was docked in usb mode to my pc and you are not supposed to do that without ending via the menu first.i use this headset to run with too and found a little floss can go along way.  yep, i tied a bit of floss between the ear pieces leaving one side with a simple knot.  then with the floss in position across the top of my head i pulled the ear pieces down until the plastic pieces which normally end up pinching the tops of the ears were just above the tops.  i then double knotted the simple knot again and voila, the floss helps support the headset while you are running and the pinching that i noted in my original review is reduced greatly.  i am actually sitting typing this listening to some petty. great stuff...
the battery life on these is phenomenal. i've been using these headphones with thejabra bluetooth music adapterand the headphones outlast the adapter every time, and we're talking about 8+ hours of constant use.i'm also using this headset along with my pc and my razrv3m. the phone does not support stereo bluetooth audio (a2dp) but it does support the regular headset profile that most, if not all bluetooth enabled phones have. this means that the headphones work as a regular wireless headset for any bluetooth enabled phone or skype on your pc / mac.on the pc, the headphones provide the mic input, the mono headset feature and the stereo headset feature. this means that i can be watching a video or listening to music in beautiful stereo sound and if a call comes though on skype, it'll switch over to the microphone & mono headset profile for the voip conversation. the same is true for using the music adapter mentioned above and a mobile phone. when a call comes in, the music pauses / mutes (depending on the device) and you can answer the call by tapping the left ear piece. tapping the right ear piece will pause / mute the music at any time.sound quality is actually very impressive. if you're using these with your pc and the sound is coming through mudddy and crackly, it means that you're not using the stereo (higher audio quality as well) profile. it's quite possible to listen to music using the mono (used for mobile phone conversations) profile, but you're missing the great sound if you do.a great thing about the sound quality is that the range is quite wide. i hear certain things in music with these headphones that my ipod and zune headphones just wont reproduce. the headphones are not earbuds (or earplugs as i call them) so you can actually still hear someone if they speak to you, that is you won't be completely oblivious.they came with a wall charger as well as a usb cable so that's very nice. the manual says not to use any other cables to charge the headphones, but  close observation will reveal that it's just an ordinary usb-a to usb-mini-b cable. (probably what your digital camera uses.)
jabra did nothing wrong with these. they are solidly build and beautifully designed. they have paired easily with every device i've tried, and even work very well as a hands free headset for a bluetooth cell phone. however, they don't work with my mac, and contrary to the insinuation by the other reviewer, this is in no way jabra's fault. bluetooth is bluetooth, and it's up to the computer manufacturer to support the "profiles" supported by various devices. in the case of the mac, apple's bluetooth support is incomplete; they don't handle the advanced audio profile required for stereo headsets, and so this headset (or any other stereo bluetooth headset, for that matter) will not work with a mac until apple decides to fix this. this is completely out of jabra's control, and this is a very well engineered device. if you own a window's xp computer, this will work very well.the only negative i can find is that the headset is not adjustable and thus may not fit everybody comfortably. (my wife, for example, can't get these to sit well.)
i got a defective purchase item here and am still awaiting the rma from the seller.  not really a comfortable product to wear.  can't comment on the product as it has never worked to date. but i can say this was a bad buy in that the rig is not very comfortable to wear.  i can say look to other products to meet your needs.
ok, so i went thru hundreds of reviews on this product and simply decided i would give it a try for myself. i paired it with my sanyo katana dlx and quite a few of the negatives stuck out to me right away. for starters i luv my music loud and when listening to these headphones the sound is simply mediocre. it sometimes emits a lot of static as well. the buttons on each side are extremely easy to push and after wearing them for maybe 15-20 minutes it tends to make my left ear quite tender causing a readjustment or simple rest from it. i was really satisfied with my jabra bt500 and had faith that this one would deliver as well but in the end it was just ok. i also attempted the firmware download and it made not one difference it almost seemed as if it made it slightly worse. i'm thinking maybe it has something to do with the type of cell phone i have. it also seems at certain points during the song the music would come to a slow and then speed up during song, strange. it would really be helpful if people would list the type of c.phone they have so potential buyers would see and possibly keep looking if c.phones listed turn out to be incompatible. overall it'll do for now considering the price but i will be on the market soon looking for an upgrade.
i purchased these with minimal expectations and am quite impressed. i have been using these with my cell phone and the sound quality is superb. also, using these for phone calls is quite convenient. the microphone is great and sound quality is top-notch. even when music is playing and you get a call it automatically pauses the music for the phone call and then resumes it when the call is finished. battery life is way longer than i had expected; i have owned these for a couple of months now and have only had to charge them twice. buttons on the headset are quite convenient as well.  i would say the only downside to these is that they are a tad bulky somewhat resembling earmuffs. also, depending on your head size these may or may not fit on you; i can fortunately say that they fit me with no discomfort and stay on my head even when at the gym. great product!
i upgraded from a nokia 6600 (which i loved but it wasn't the hottest looking phone) and have also had the motorola a630.  this phone is nice, dainty, and has a great display, but it ends there:*) the speaker isn't loud enough, so you're always pressing the phone to your ear so incredibly hard and still can't hear too well - i called t-mobile, they acknowledged the problem and sent instructions to the phone to increase the speaker volume to no avail.*) the slider is hard to get to quickly - if you try sliding the phone open, many times you will actually reject a call.*) using call waiting isn't too bad - when you go to call waiting it is easy, but retrieving a call is painful*) text messages - this is the worst ever - first, slide the phone open, create a message, hit the enter key, then recent log, then select your recipients, then next then enter then the message sends.  on the nokia it was create the message, hit the green button, enter your destination, hit the green button.*) deleting messages is worse!  select the message, hit options, hit delete (sometimes it's 4, sometimes 6), "are you sure", hit yes, done.  on the nokia, select the message and hit "c" and you were instantly done.*) bluetooth - it's supposed to be convenient, but no, you are always asked if you want to connect - there is no such thing as auto-connect!  every time i get in my car i have to get the phone out of my pocket and unlock the phone, then hit yes, or i'll be nagged every few seconds by a noise.  oh, and if i hit no (when someone else is in the car and i don't want calls going to the car) it'll ask me again in about 5 seconds.  arrrgh!this baby is going back!  i'm now gonna try out the blackberry 8700.
july 2007:great form factor, mediocre features, weak mac supportform:as an exclusive candybar user (nokia & sony-ericsson, both high end and mid range) i was trepidatious of using a slider. in lieu of a decent, nonflip, bluetooth/camera phone w/ tmobile i went with this phone. friends and strangers alike say: ooh how pretty. i say ...pros:1. 1.3 mp camera2. bluetooth3. most vivid clear screen i've seen on a cell4. good form factor5. opens & closes very well well (1st edition i had was a little clunky, had a samsung china sticker on the inside, 2nd edition i had (replaced due to bad mic) doesn't have a manufacturer's tag)6. far better reception inside buildings than my previous se t610 (w/ tmo)7. camera has great & funny options such as cartoon bubbles and image overlays which all my friends think are hilarious thereby enhancing the blackmail potential or storytelling function of my phone's camera - good times! this little feature is silly, but makes me smile so much; if all features of the phone made me smile like this, i would have kept this phone.cons:1. lack of customizability- no "favorites/shortcuts"- soft keys cannot be changed- cannot use .3gp files or .mp3 files as ring tones (on 1st handset (which i had for 3 weeks but which tmo replaced due to a microphone problem) i could, on 2nd handset, this functionality was gone! i understand tmo locks this functionality so you have to buy ringtones from them, whatevs tmo!)2. lack of functionality- menu inaccessable during calls (cannot text or surf during calls)- no airplane mode- no notes function- poor mac supprt- - does not work with mac isync (although, you can send numbers to phone from mac address book (menu: card > send card) via bluetooth, which is at least some convenience, but not the convenience of isync)- - my mac os 10.2.8 and os 10.4.6 computers are unable to use dial up networking via bluetooth or usb cable (despite the edge functionality and the claims of the sweet t-mobile techies who i don't believe)- - bluetooth (via my mac) only browses the memory card as far as i can tell, eg, sees pics only in the memory card3. gui isn't well thought out - menu navigation difficult, sending text message requires a number of button pushes once the text is done (sending a text to multiple people is a major chore), finding files is not intuitive, submenus with similar functions are dissimilar between different apps (compare to the "file" menu on all windows programs, it's the same because it makes thins easier, samsung hasn't figured this little design standard out)4. 1.3 mp camera makes 17-40 kb sized pics ... wtf?!?5. problem with microsd card staying firmly inserted, aftermarket purchased card (necessary for music or multiple pics) pops outi will not buy a samsung phone again. my phone must sync immediately and completely with whatever computer i have whether mac, windows, or linux; currently the one i have is a mac. hello: mac, samsung, communitcate!! my previous phone, the se t610, synched its contact list flawlessly to my mac. the samsung t809 database file type is currently incompatible with isync. don't believe claims on this or other websites saying the t809 sync's with macs.every single samsung product (phones, home entertainment, etc) i have bought in the past 3 years has looked pretty and been supposedly loaded with features. however, each was loaded with glitches. no more samsung for me!wish i had gotten a razr (free or nearly so with tmo), held out for a motorola capri, or splurged and gotten a fabulous unlocked nokia (every one i've had has been outstanding).update as of november 2006:the phone is not as sturdy as i had assumed. after having placed the intact phone in my cargo pants pocket, squatting down while painting and standing back up, the phone stopped playing the mp3 i was blaring with the nice loud speaker. i took the phone out of the pocket and horrors! the inside/backside screen was cracked (the one inside the casing i guess) which voided the warranty since the tmo warranty doesn't apply to cracked screens. tmo sent me a replacement, but i sent it back because they were going to charge another $150 for this irritation phone.
it looks very sweet.  awesome screen and speakers.  some decent hacks for it on howardforums dot com!  it's battery life is almost pathetic though.  it's reception is poor.  the big exposed screen is also prone to scratching, and getting dust/dirt under it.  you also can't use mp3's for ringtones without hacking/cheating it.  rename mp3 to 3gp, copy to micro-sd, then copy back to phone memory.what really killed the deal for me was the reception though.  had a nokia 3650, awsome, even worked ok in my basement, next a moto v330, barely worked upstairs, just bought 2 of these t809's and they won't even recieve good enough to let me setup my voice mail in my livingroom.  called t-mobile support..  they are putting in a request to point an antenna towards my house.  i'm request #2.  i wish they just sold a decent nokia.  using the phone outside is going to get old once it starts snowing here in michigan.bottom line: if you just want a sweet looking phone this is it.  if you want a usable dependable phone look elsewhere.  this is like the razr's.  form over function.  t-mobile used to have lots of sweet nokias, then they went to so-so motorolas, now they are pushing samdung and whatever is cheap.  not a good thing.  -  joe
you can read the other reviews about how awesome this phone is.  but, if you want a bluetooth headset to go along with it, get the plantronics voyager 510. i've tried the motorola hs850 and h500 & a logitech bt headset and all of them had significant static.  i've searched google and found other people have the same problem with this phone and multiple other types of headsets.  go with the plantronics voyager 510.  it has very very little static and i can leave the phone in one room and walk to another with only a slight (almost negligable) increase in static.  the only problem is that the "answer" button on headset will answer the phone but i won't automatically connect to the headset.  i must first answer the phone by pushing the green button on the phone and then press the "answer" button on the headset. . .afterwards, connection is seamless.  a minor inconvenience for the luxury of wireless bt that is virtually static-free.  don't take my word for it. buy a voyager 510 from a local store where you can easily return it if you're not happy.mp3 ringtones!!!!this phone is great for making mp3 ringtones.  however, you most change the file extension from ".mp3" to ".3gp". transfering ".3gp" files to your phone is a sinch with the free usb cable and pc software.  and, if you want to edit your mp3 so that you play only the chorus of the song as the ringtone, samsung gives you software for that too!!!! it's all included in the pc studio software that comes with the phone.  don't forget to change the extension to ".3gp" .  the phone will allow you to play any mp3 songs (like an ipod) but it won't allow you to make mp3 songs as ringtones unless you pay for it by downloading from some website like t-mobile. . . or, by the method mentioned above.  changing the extension to 3gp is also easy if you have a program that will show you the full name of a music file (i.e. check_up_on_it.mp3), like nero burning rom.
this is the greatest gsm phone on us market by far....way better than v3 and others.someone said it's slimsy, but i've proven this is no right on the second day of my ownership:). i have dropped it from my 2-ft high desk to the concrete floor once today and it got nothing damaged, not even a dent or mark.but there are couple of bad designs as well (or maybe i'm just too picky :-).1. no voice dialing function, which is the most needed function when make calls while driving;2. the camera is only 1.3 megapixle resolution, so it's fine when viewing your photo just on the phone screen, but when you put it onto your computer, it turns into unacceptable;3. it does record videos, but only for couple of seconds, which means this function basically is useless in daily life;4. the most bad design is the earphone. it's so loose in my ears so when i turn my head a little bit, it will fall off. i had to pick it up when it fell or use a finger to hold it while i was driving and calling, and you know you have to keep on turning your head around when driving!5. you can't pick up phone calls by just pressing on the button on the earphone wire.in all, i still recommend this one
motorola was floundering in the cell phone market until they came out with the razr.  worldwide, it made a fashion and technological statement, which catapulted the manufacturer from a dismal afterthought to a leader in the cell phone market.  then they released a candy bar equivalent (slvr), and then improved on the razr's lines with the stylish clamshell pebl.  this review is for the motorola pebl.after using the pebl for a few days, the first thing that impressed me was the sound quality.  recently, i have played with sony/ericson, palmone, nokia and samsung phones, and must say the motorola sounds best.  first of all, the volume in the earpiece is loud enough for me to hear while walking on a busy new york city street, with cars, trucks and buses all creating a deafening noise.  second, the volume control button is well placed to allow you to easily adjust the level.  third, and best of all, the phone is intelligent enough to filter out much of the loud background noise, so that the person you're speaking with can hear you without struggling to make out what you're saying.  i have found that nokia is good at this too, while palm, samsung and sony/ericson phones don't do this well at all, with sony ironically at the back of the pack.  also noteworthy is the speakerphone.  while it's not as loud as an office phone's speaker, it is plenty loud, for example,  to participate in a conference call while driving.  and with the background noise reduction virtues of this phone, i was impressed.  also, it has voice recognition - based solely on the spelling of your contacts, the phone will recognize what you're saying and be able to voice-dial.it may seem odd to make such a fuss over sound quality in an age of smart phones, but as a designer recently explained to me: form should follow function.  so let the pebl first and foremost be a good phone.  then you can add the bells and whistles later.  attention to this principle is what earned the pebl five stars from me.a note about carriers: gsm is worldwide, so you can use your phone overseas as well as in the usa.  however, this limits you in the states to tmobile and cingular.  having used both, i feel that tmobile sounds better, but cingular has better coverage.  it's a tradeoff.  both carriers offer a 7 or 14 day "trial" period during which you can test the network's performance.  i recommend use that trial, and don't hesitate to bounce back and forth while keeping your number.i have four major pros for the pebl:1. motorola is pioneering the cell phone market by making all of their latest models "quad-band" gsm, which means the phone will work well in the usa (850/1900 mhz) as well as the rest of the world (900/1800 mhz).  most gsm phones are tri-band (850/1800/1900) so while they'll work great here, but performance abroad will be touch and go, with the phone performing poorly indoors.  none of the others (nokia, ericson,  samsung etc.) offer quad-band gsm as a standard, and until motorola's recent offerings, you could only find quad-band phones in massive pda smart phones.2. battery life: all cell phones give estimates in standby time and talk time. but the realistic factor is how long will this thing last between charges for the average person?  my answer: 3 to 4 days.  with moderate use (about 10 calls a day, totaling between 30 and 45 minutes), i needed to charge the phone after the 3rd day.3. usb port: the phone's connection to the world is via a standard mini-usb port.  the charger fits this, or you can plug it into your computer with a standard usb to mini-usb cable.  this is the same cable that connects most digital cameras or certain mp3 players (at least the ones that don't use overpriced proprietary cables).  chances are you already have one of these cables and if you plug it into your pc, two things will happen: the phone will start to charge from the usb, and the pc will detect a new device.  download the drivers from motorola (if you didn't get the cd with your phone).  in addition to phone drivers, there is a "phone tools" application that lets you to synchronize your contact list and calendar with outlook, or you can simply backup the phone's contents.  you can synchronize your photos, ringtones and sms messages as well.  here's the best part: the phone is also a modem.  make sure you have a data plan before connecting to the internet, and you no longer need a hot spot.  gprs will give you a little more than 2x the speed of dialup, edge will take it up to about 4x.4. the phone has an alarm built in.  in fact it has several, and you can name them, and if you turn the phone off at night, the alarm will still work, and ask you if you want to turn the phone on when you silence it.other noteworthy items: the screen is good, the camera produces reasonable images and videos, and there is enough memory to snap over 100 shots at the phone's highest resolution.  that is a nice touch.and now, three cons:1. for the longest time, i have not cared much for the motorola contact management interface.  nearly all phones now allow you to have multiple numbers / addresses per contact, but motorola hasn't caught on yet.  if you have a contact with multiple phone numbers, that contact will exist multiple times.  this makes dialing slower with motorola phones because you'll have to scroll through a longer contact list; searching for numbers is not nearly as intuitive as with nokia or other phone brands.2. the phone allows you to assign custom ring tones for certain members of the address book; however, for contacts with a custom ringtone, the phone doesn't differentiate between calls and text messages, so if a contact with a custom tone sends a text, the phone might play an entire minute-long song rather than a quick beep beep, which can be annoying in the middle of the night.  just avoid using custom contact/ring tone assignments and you'll avoid that problem.3. the shiny dialing surface and screen will pick up grease from your face and require regular cleaning if you want to avoid your phone looking "icky".in conclusion, i was happily surprised with the pebl.  it is a very sexy phone, and it sounds great.  it is the perfect phone for the audiophile, or for a person who wants a device that just works without having to cope with all the secondary bells and whistles phones have these days.  historically, motorola was known for producing good hardware - a virtue that is clearly stated with the pebl.  if you intend to use all the fancy features of modern cell phones (sms, mms, etc) - in other words if you plan to use the software features, expect them to be less intuitive than with other brands of phones.  as much as motorola is known for producing excellent hardware, their menus and navigation can be bewildering at times.  i think they should get the folks who designed the hardware to redesign the software interface.  then, the moto range would dominate.  in the end, it's a good phone, it's solid, it's small and light enough to fit in comfortablty your pocket, and above all it works.
i have had the pebl for two weeks now and it really is as slick as everyone says.  bluetooth and very good battery life are two of the pluses.  however, as other reviewers have cited, there are flaws:- the directional button is already missing paint in a few places from the screen sliding past it when the phone is opened.  if i am seeing paint missing after only two weeks, i shudder to think what will happen after a few months.- the inside is definitely prone to getting dirty with fingerprints.- the magnets require you to keep the phone away from your credit cards as well as items such as your computer.- the first pebl i received rang only intermittently.  sometimes it would ring and others it woudnt do anything.  in these cases, i would only know that calls had been missed once the voice mail indicator showed.  the replacement phone i received now rings with every every call.- connecting to the bluetooth headset requires a sequence of six or so steps and therefore must be done before turning on your car if you are going to talk while driving.  no way can i connect the headset while paying attention to the road.  i have always used corded headsets prior to this and i find this to be annoying.- it took a few tries to get the hang of the voice commands.  i would say "name dial" and it would keep asking me to repeat the command or tell me that the command could not be found.  however, then i noticed that there is a beep after which you say the command.  as long as you wait for the beep, the voice commands work fine.- the phone opens when dropped.in summary, if you want a very cool looking, eye catching phone than the pebl is for you.  however, if you are someone who does not care about the appearance of the phone, i would recommend looking at other models because all of the problems with the pebl make it only about looks.
i have had this phone for two months now and it is the best one i have owned,i have had three razr's and many other so called cutting edge phones even the v3i and none are as good as this,as for the pebl it is simple to open unless you are a butter fingered fool,and as for the finish wearing off on the keypad well mine is just fine.the phone is made better than the flimsey razr is,you want a quality phone that works as well as it looks get this phone,you want cheap made buy something else.
i purchased this phone to use in europe during a recent trip. i loved it. very nice form factor, opening it requires only one hand and voice quality was great. very happy with the purchase. i wish my us carrier (verizon) had the same phone!
hmmm? what can i say about the phone that everyone seems to want?the motorola pebl phone itself, is indubitably eye-catching.  it offers exceptional operation & premium features.the pebl is one of the most charming phones.  shaped like a river stone, it's attired in basic black & is nicely accessorized by a shiny metal hinge. i especially liked the oval shape, the rounded edges, and the rubbery textured feel of the casing is pretty nifty. it's very compact (3.4" x 1.9" x 0.8"; 3.8 ounces), and it has weight when it's in your hand.as for features... the phone book holds 1,000 contacts, each of which can take six phone numbers, an e-mail address, a postal address, and a birth date. i like that you can place photos with contacts for caller id that are viewed on the internal screen. contacts can be assigned one of 12 polyphonic or mp3's. i also appreciate the camera, vibrate mode, a one-minute voice recorder, voice dialing, calculator, calendar, alarm clock, text & multimedia messaging, pc syncing (my favorite!!), instant messaging ( with yahoo, aol, and/or icq), and a web browser.  you can personalize the pebl with a variety of wallpapers, themes, menu styles, color skins, screensavers, and message tones. you can always download more depending on your service provider.ok, now the bad.  the pebl has a low-resolution camera (whaaa), and a strange magnetic flip that is awkward to open with your thumb.  the flip opens when dropped and can demagnetize credit cards.would i buy the pebl again? yes.  would i recommend it to others? sure.  who couldn't say 'yes' to such a looker?!!?!
motorola razr v3i worked good when new. music that was installed did not play continously. to play music i had to play one by one manually. charge to battery did not last very long and had to be charged daily as battery life was short. ring tones were loud and audible. the one i purchased worked for a good year. wished it could last longer.
beware!!  i bought an unlocked razr v3i straight from motorola, to get the nifty purple color that's offered only on their website.  bad, bad, bad idea.  about a month after i bought it, the phone started to act all crazy - turning off and on randomly, screen going dim, etc.  i mailed it in (the problem later turned out to be the sim card), and when the phone was returned to me it had been locked to the cingular network.what the heck is going on here!!  i paid nearly three times more money than a comparable phone, to get an unlocked product - i travel a lot, and the last thing i need is paying cingular's outrageous prices for overseas roaming and carrier services.so i called the motorola customer service number.  and waited on hold.  and waited.  and waited.  and finally was connected with a very nice gentleman who promised he would have a supervisor return my call.  well, that was the first call.  after a week of no return call, i called again - i wound up having to call a total of four times, with an average of 45 minutes' hold time each call.when it finally became obvious that nobody was going to return my call, i filed a complaint with the better business bureau, using motorola's chicago business address as the complainant.  finally someone called me back, and - a miracle!  i got a new phone!however, the story doesn't end here.  i mailed back the old phone per the instructions, and a week or so later i received the phone back from motorola's customer service - claiming they had already fixed the problem.i'm still waiting for motorola to call me back to request their old phone back.  there's nothing wrong with it, except that it's locked to the cingular network.the phone itself seems to have good sound quality and range, and it does hold a charge for a reasonably long amount of time.  that said, you can't save more than ten or twelve text messages on it, and you can't back up your messages to your macbookpro.i bought an iphone a while ago.  i'll probably still use the motorola for traveling, but if i were you i'd think long and hard about purchasing a product for which it's nearly impossible to redeem the warranty.
i have to give motorola credit for the entire razr lineup, because it is definitely the coolest phone i've ever seen.  it created the market and improved it on each iteration.  so, design is five star, without question.  the phone itself makes calls, and the speakerphone is loud, as it should be.  i love the exterior lcd screen.and that's about it for likes.the dislikes are numerous for me, because i own a nokia 3650, which at the time was the best phone you could get (2003).  now it's outdated, but here's some interesting points:-my phone takes pictures of equal quality-sound playback is equal to my phone-i have unrestricted java applet usage, including a much larger library of available programs-my sync manager does much more than motorola's, including much better integration with outlook-my ui doesn't sucki've had my cell phone for five years, which is an eternity for cell phones, but it's still not out-featured by this phone.  i tried to get an ebook reader for a razr and all i could find were sites that basically make you compile a jar file and unlock your phone to transfer it... where it may or may not run.contrast with my nokia 3650: i downloaded a free ebook reader (mobipocket) using nokia's software (which can be downloaded for free from nokia) and i was in business.  vendor lock-in for cell phones is a big problem for me, and maybe it is for you, too.this is a stylish phone that epitomizes form over function.-c
after my dreadful v551, i was hesitant to return to motorola. since my sony ericsson s710a didn't work out, and since my wife's v3 has been solid so far, i decided to give moto one more chance with the v3i.first, the build quality and materials are excellent. the machined aluminum outer casing, and machined nickel keypad, provide substantial heft (this is good) and tactility. moto could've used a little better plastic in places, but it's fine otherwise.second, although its resolution is lower than the s710a's, the v3i inner display's physical screen size is about the same. meaning it's plenty large, not to mention clear, colorful, and bright. the outer display is nothing special, but it is a compromise for better battery life, so i can live with that.third, unlike sony ericsson, the new moto's (v3i, slvr l7, etc.) sport an industry-standard mini-usb charging/data port, and use standard memory cards. (i put a 1gb transflash in mine and it is amazing.) no more proprietary chargers and cables, nor goofy sony-only "memory sticks."fourth, the bluetooth. motorola has come a long way to improve their implementation, and though it is not as full featured as sony ericsson's, it is almost unshakable in its stability. (sony ericsson has the reverse trend. the t616 had great bluetooth, the s710a's was unstable. the new w600 and w900 are equally unstable.) range is excellent, too.fifth, reception and call quality are both excellent. volume could be better, but is still adequate. i have to admit, though, that the s710a was slightly better with earpiece and speakerphone audio volume and quality.finally, the much maligned ui. yes, sony ericsson trumps everyone with their interface and address book; motorola executes both of these rather clumsily, thus requiring a steep learning curve. however, two areas where moto outshines sony ericsson are 1) consistent ui responsiveness and 2) broad customizability.my only other gripe is the 50 song limit in itunes, even with the memory card upgrade. however, i'm an ipod owner, so this doesn't concern me too much.now for a word of warning to mac users. my itunes-equipped v3i, unlocked and unbranded, came from an overseas market (phone and manual languages included uk english, vietnamese, bhasat, and thai). it has full bluetooth functionality with my mac, including isync. however, some v3i's don't work over bluetooth - the mac can't "see" any of the phone's services, thus preventing file transfers or isync-ability without a usb connection. i can't say for sure if this is related to itunes or not, but so far it seems the itunes-loaded v3i's work better. caveat emptor!
very good value for the money. phone is very nice looking, a little elegant and conservative i would say.the metal top gives it a little better look and feeling compared to the previous plain razor v3. i use it heavily for work and even so the battery charge is good for 2 or 3 days. speakers sound nice for mp3 playing, the camera takes clear pictures and it is full of other little extras, however if you are a fan of advanced features and apps,then think twice.for me and for work this phone is perfect.the only thing that i don't like much is that the volume is not so loud, and if you are talking in a noisy place you may want it a little higher, and also be advised that this offer does not include the little memory card so you have to buy it separately.delivery was very fast and so far i can say i am happy with this phone.if you want a day to day good looking phone i recommend you to get it.
this is the best phone i ever owned.  reception is very good, battery life is good, ring is audible, and quality of voice is very good.  mine already came with ear phone, usb cable, leather case and 256mb memory card.  there are a few things that are not so good: - need to clean cover frequently (it gets easily smudged); - mp3 sound is not perfect (well this is a phone not a mp3 player); - once when i switched the gsm card it reverted to kanji characters and i had a hard time to find the english option ;)
i really enjoy the high quality, that's a constant with belkin. with this product that reputation not only repeats, but holds up.
i received this item on time and in good condition.  i have other retractable cables like this and this is one of the better ones i have used.  perfect for storing in a vehicle for charging.  no mess in the glove compartment.
works as advertised and all that cord, normally in the way, does not get tangled. genius solution. why didn't someone do this earlier?
i was very disappointed that the head/tip of this cable is too wide to fit through the opening of most shells - while it looks similar in size to a standard oem/apple tip, it's not an is about one-quarter of an inch wider and thus doesn't connect to the charge port on the bottom of an iphone 4.  very poor design on belkin's part.
and, a great price too.  the product works exactly as the factory cord; and, the retractable feature allows me to easily keep this one stored in my truck instead of toting all of my cords back and forth from the house to the truck.
given the other reviews here, decided that getting two batteries would be smart due to the freshness issue, in case the first one didn't last as long.  (my original battery was worn out.)  it's been a couple months now and the first battery is still going strong where before i needed to have the charger with me to finish my calls.  price was a major factor here compared to retail and i wanted to wait a few months before considering a new phone.  the much lower price made this plan easier, giving me plenty of time to consider the next generation of razr.  and if these batteries quickly died in the short-term then i didn't lose that much in the deal.
this battery is exactly what is advertised, a genuine motorola br50 battery. it is not a knock off. as such, it works exactly the way you would expect a motorola battery to work, for much less money.
we've been using 2 of these batteries for ten days now with no problems at all. they were new in appearance and we did charge them with the phones off for 12 hours prior to the first use. follow up review - it's been 2 full months now since we bought these batteries and they are still working perfectly.
this battery was bought to replace an old battery, yet performs only slightly better than the old one.
the batteries were exactly as advertised, they were delivered in a normal timeframe, there were no issues or hiccups or drama with the vendor.  it was "slam, bam, thank you, sirs or madams."  battery life is really subjective as everyone's "normal" is different.  but life is definitely restored compared to my original 2 year old battery.  my experience is use of bluetooth really drains batteries quickly.  but that's a bluetooth issue that goes away if you don't use bluetooth.  i have no complaints at all with this product.
it fits the razr just like the original battery made by motorola.  it worked perfectly for me as a second battery for those days when it is just too much effort to find the charger.
my razr v3 after two years wouldn't hold a charge.  both cingular & verizon stores offered replacements batteries that cost almost as much as the phone did new.  for under $10 bucks this replacement gave my phone a new lease on life.  it is an exact replacement and not some knockoff.  great talk and standby time.
the first battery held a charge for maybe 6 hours. i contacted mynetdeals and the very same day they sent me another one. i am using that battery but the charge only lasts two days at the most.
ordered 2 of these a couple of weeks ago, got them in decent time put them in phone and charged them, neither battery lasted more than 48hrs max with less than 10 mins talk time.sent email to company they were nice and sent 2 more batteries plus a return envelope to send first two back with, put in the next ones, charged and same thing within 48hrs both batteries dead with virtually zero talk time on them.sending all 4 back.im guessing you basically get what you pay for.
the battery goes into a 5 year old cell phone and it was not available in any local stores. the price was right and i have been using it for about a month w/o problems...
it looks good and was easy to pair. it fits nicely and looked as described in the ad, shipping was right on the money.
i've had this headset for about a year now; i use it with a razr.  it's a fine headset from a technical perspective: the sound is fine, it's easy to pair and use, etc.  i haven't run into any problems using it in a car, or out of doors.however, it's really not very comfortable: the hook that goes over the ear is just a bit too stiff and edgy, i wouldn't want to wear it for a long call (more than 15-20min say).for comfort and performance, consider the plantronics voyager 510 (around $50 at amazon); i've had one of those (now used by my son), and it is excellent.  if you're into new gadgets, check out the jawbone sets -- i haven't used one, but a colleague swears by the one he's been using for a couple of months.
i have a nokia 6230 and purchased this headset from compusa recently. used to have a nokia hdw-3 but the battery died and unable to find a cheap replacement battery.pros:the unit is solidly made and easy to setup. the mute function work well, the volume is good (no dsp) and sound quality matches my old nokia. unlike a lot of loop headsets, this doesn't seem like it'll break/fall off as i tend to put it in my pocket when unused.pairs fine with my mac and you can turn off the blue light if needed. charger is a small flip-prong type and reasonable at 2 hours to charge. battery talk time is good although it's unclear what type of battery it has internally. the audio cues are fairly logical.cons:not the most comfortable headset i've tried. prefer the in-ear like the sony hbh-iv835 but i decided to keep this one instead as dsp might suck.
overall this works pretty good...it rarely gets "confused" like a lot of the headsets with only one button do. my main complaint is that the volume just isn't very loud...even turned up on max. and that makes it very hard to use in the car when you have a lot of road noise or rain, etc.
don't get me wrong the h3 looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back. what i mean by that is that when your on the phone, the other party hears an echo.  this happend on all the calls. the only thing that kept me from returning it was that i lost the receipt and i threw away the box!  i don't recomend wasting your money on this. one you may try that has worked for me is the h500.  cheap looks ok and best of all, it works!!!!  oh yeah my razor had a hard time linking to the h3.
what's hot: very slim portfolio, stereo bluetooth, integration with itunes music, good call qualitywhat's not: flush keyboard makes for difficult navigation, expensive, non-standard headphone jackthe verdict:the slvr offers a razr- inspired level of thinness, and the metal construction/large display create an air of confidence for users. call quality is good, although i detected some echoing during my testing. battery life is only average at 3-4 days with moderate usage, and the phone is occasionally sluggish in java game applications.the camera itself produces decent quality shots for quick mms texts and web postings. the camera is also capable of producing video recording which can then be played back in the media center, though resolution is quite low. i would have liked to see a standard 3.5mm headphone jack, but the l7 requires either an adapter or by wireless bluetooth usage.overall, although the slvr itunes phone is the first of it's kind, its hampered by so-so performance and a high price tag. the keyboard, though fashionable, is flush with the surface- something which won't please text message fans.
i bought this direct from amazon, and their "unlocked" phone is technically unlocked, but it has cingular-branded firmware.for anyone not familiar with that, "branded" is a euphemism for "hacked up by the carrier to remove features and replace useful menu options with links to buy stuff."  i guess "branded" is shorter than saying all that.this is not a "clean" l7.  you may as well buy an unlocked cingular phone from ebay.i have not yet checked all features to see what has been removed from this phone, although i immediately notice that even signed java applications require constant "permission", while an unbranded phone would accept the verisign certificate.
update - cingular sent me a replacement for my slvr.  it has the same problems.  that's three phones out of three - two for me and one for my daughter - with the same problem.  lockups and intermittent operation.  i finally figured out part of the problem.  whenever an attempted voice dial fails, whether it was an intentional dial or an accident of pressing the button by mistake or pressing the headset button too long, then the phone will not make or receive any calls until you power it off and on again.  at least now, if i am really careful how i handle it, my phone works most of the time.  my suggestion is not to buy this phone for another 6 months or a year!original review follows:this is a great phone when it works.  there was a report this week on cnn about the razr phones that were sold late february 2006 and early march 2006 being recalled for a software bug.  it is my guess that the slvr, which is a close relative of the razr, has the same bug because my slvr only works about half the time.  most of the time, when i try to make a call, the display will say "calling xxxxxxx" but it just hangs there until i click end, even up to 20 minutes with nothing happening.any time i don't use my bluetooth headset for a few hours and then try to use it, the bluetooth on the phone will have quit working and to get it working again, i have to power the phone off and on again.my daughter has the same phone and has the same problems.when it works, though, it is a great phone.  the itunes holds only 100 songs, like the other reviews said, but that's an itunes issue - it treats this like an ipod nano.cingular is sending me a replacement for my slvr and, hopefully, it will work better and have these issues resolved.  in the mean time, i suggest giving more time for the bugs to be worked out.  once it becomes more reliable, i would highly recommend the phone.
i bought the slvr for my wife and a razr for my self. people who want itunes should buy their phones through a service provider who includes it on the phone. our unlocked slvr (apparently produced for use in europe...it came with european plug and a us adapter)did not come with itunes. having read the reviews i expected this. my wife uses her phone primarily for talking and text messaging. the slvr has worked well for this. the only issue is that some of the shortcuts don't work. the main one missing is the one which you use to lock your keypad so that buttons are not accidently pressed. we get this message saying shortcut not available on this phone. other than this small annoyance my wife and i really like the phone. we're living in hungary right now and the slvr is not sold here, so it's extra cool for others to see. the small, thin form factor is great. i'm almost tempted to get one of these to replace my razr!
some specifics about my experience, and usage tips; i'll leave it to others to do an overview:out of the box, this is not a great phone.  it took a lot of effort to learn and customize in order to use it effectively, but after that, it's very good.  if and only if you're up for the effort, i highly recommend the phone.  older phones i've had were much more usable out of the box.menus:i changed the home screen buttons around to have the items i use the most - sms, recent calls, and calendar, and to put phone book where i'm used to it being.  i also changed menu order.  some moron put tools under the settings menu; that can't be fixed.  since when is a tool a kind of setting?  maybe it makes more sense in whatever language the developers speak.phone book.i changed the phone book listing format - this was crucial to making it usable.  it has its own setup menu, separate from settings. these made it usable, especially view and view by:-- view by:list, sort by:name, view:primary contacts, search method: jump to.  i synchronize my phone book with my mac ibook using the free isync, for easy data entry and for backup.storage:essential: i changed where it stores images, games, and ringtones (from the phone to the memory card), which allowed me to transfer images to my computer, transfer games to & from my computer (e.g. cellufun's free sudoku, chess, etc.), and use an mp3 as a ringtone.  this should be possible from the phone's internal memory, but it isn't, so wow - knowing that this change makes is possible makes the phone much better than i thought it was at first.  also, these settings (and some others too) get lost if the phone loses power and have to be reset; this is lame!bluetooth:it works well with the cardo scala-500 i got from amazon.  i set up a shortcut for quickly enabling bluetooth when i am wearing my headset. fyi, if you get a bluetooth headset, be warned that it can't be used to listen to music; in fact, if you have a bluetooth headset active, it refuses to play music through the built-in speaker.  [edit: it does work with some (unspecified) bluetooth headsets, according to the manual; update: but, i've tried 3 bluetooth headset models and they didn't work.  the slvr doesn't support the required protocol, a2dp, so i think the statement in the manual is false.]itunes:very good!  i just wish it would remember what songs it had already played.  [edit: maybe the repeat all option does that; it's undocumented; trying it now...]price:i got mine for $50 with contract renewal from cingular ~mar '06; a billing dispute took such a huge effort to resolve that the office of the president staff let me get it at that price.i've yet to figure out how to use the free edge i have grandfathered on my account to browse the internet at no charge.  i've called, but haven't reached a clueful cingular support rep yet.
the case is easy to use and hold securely to my belt or waistband. my phone is easy to put in and get out when i want it out, but remains secure when i don't need it.the only problem i had is with the belt clip.  it came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip.  the belt clip is very tight, and the second time i put it on my belt, the leather covering it tore and came off.  it really didn't affect the functioning at all, but i was annoyed that something i just purchased came apart on the second use.
this case is almost perfect for my palm treo 700.  the fit is great.  the leather is soft and of very high quality.  the magnetic closure is the best i've seen, with no alignment required yet very secure.  the one exception is the belt clip.  it takes three men and a dog to get it on or off the belt!  it is so tight that i think you could tear the case getting it on or off unless you pry it off with something like a pen.  i don't know what they were thinking putting such a tight clip on such a great case.
i am a die hard treo 600 user.  this is best case i've ever owned.  i already wore out this exact case over a 3 year period and just bought another one.  it is a perfect fit with the antenna on the treo 600 or 650.
i like the case very much. the quality of the leather and clip seem good. i have had one other case that had a stronger magnetic closure--that would be my only suggestion.the case is slightly roomier than some and has a pocket in which a couple of sd cards can be stored. unlike some others, i can actually fit my treo 650 with a "skin" case in this leather pouch.
this is the palm oem version and fits great and looks as good.  after 3 months, no issues at all.  also has two small pockets for sd cards which is not noted in the ad.  great value, about 40% less than what palm was selling it for.
i spent a good bit of time reading amazon reviews about treo cases. most of the cases had very mixed reviews. my palm one treo 700/650 pouch leather case is stylish with a nice soft leather. at first my treo moved around a little in the case. this little movement was not very noticable or bothersome. after i remembered the little pocket inside the case, i put 4 business cards inside. these were just enough to keep my treo from moving. actually the pocket can't really hold more than 4 or 5 business cards without making it difficult to close the treo in the case. i really like the magnetic flap. it's easy to open and close. finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt.
pouch felt clumsy. there was extra play where the phone could wiggle around in. also the clip is so thin that it's not good with sweatpants or scrubs. with the weight of the phone, it will flip over if it's not clipped onto a belt.
the only thing that i can add to the the reviews already posted on this device is my own experiences - we ordered 2 of the 'bulk packaged' bundles which include the headset and the charger.positives:- no earbud going into the ear - this is a big positive because i can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.- quick charging.- easy to pair - in my case with a razr and a blackberry.- easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.- pretty good instructions.negatives:- my wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.- being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.at this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)
this is a good blue tooth. i can hear great with this product. my husband had a problem with it, that is wasn't load enough for him. he drives truck. just a little bulky for my taste. this is the first blue tooth i had when i got my first blue tooth compatible phone. had lots of them.the only draw back is. they only lasted about six months and we had to get new one. and the product does pick up allot of background noise. but it does work well. would recommend this to others.
very happy with this headset - thank you!i don't have any problems or complaints. h700 is a nice upgrade from h500.
i've owned two of these. it is great that it rests against your ear, and is very comfortable not having an earpiece sticking in your ear. the first one i owned, after a month, lost most of its volume. i could not make the volume louder via the volume control; the volume control actually never seemed to work, but at least at first the volume was real good...for about a month. the second one i bought lasted about 9 months, but now the button to answer or hang up on a call does not work.
the first headset i was sent was doa.  i was told to pay the return shipping and a replacement unit would be sent out.  i did that and received another unit and guess what..... correct it was another defective unit.  i have tried contacting the seller multiple times and they have not responded.  anybody want a good deal on a broken headset?
this product arrived on time but i nor several other people including personnel at verizon, or apple could not get it to connect to the phone.  so it had to be sent back.
but you wont find a better choice at this time. the on off switch by folding the headset and the easy to push buttons make all the difference in the world.  don't believe me, then purchase the jabra or one of the other headsets, place it in your pocket or purse and answer a call from your phone.  chances are you will have forgotten to turn the unit off and your caller will be live wherever you left your bluetooth headset within 30 feet.  the h700 folds when you take it off your ear and when it folds, it turns off.  sounds good reasonably priced and effective, its that simple !!
this bluetooth headset is probably one of the worst you can ever waste money on.for some odd reason all of my motorola bluetooth, including this one has really really bad static.i cannot clearly hear the other person and the other person cannot hear me.i would save my money and buy a different brand altogether.motorola h700 bluetooth headset
the h700, some love it, some hate it. wherever you fall, a lot of people are talking about it.pro's / con'sit is comfortable and light. / depending on the size of your face, your cheek may block the microphone resulting in muffled sound.if you are a lady with long hair that falls over your ear it will get caught in the boom microphone and snagged by the rubber tip as you flip the boom open and closed to answer calls.distance is quoted as up to 30 feet / some phone combinations have distance issues if the headset and phone are not on the same side of your body.pairs well with my motorola razr v3 and cingular 8125. / other phones and pda's have problems so your mileage may vary.the controls are small, multifunction (each button does may things) and are easy to access but hey, they are on the side of your head.microphone is very sensitive / people have complained about wind noise, echoes in rooms, and "who else is in the car with you ?"headset volume is loud, louder than most / its adjustable so this is a good thing.the headset lights up in four different colors to show various status (charging, pairing, standby etc) / you can turn off the flashing blue 'dork lamp' but it will come back on after the headset is turned off and on again.a note a caution1. this is a young product and the complaints and returns have resulted in two versions (version a and version b) of this headset in the market. version b fixes a number of problems that version a had with certain phones.2. distance is poor compare to other headsets and even other motorola bluetooth products. i have changed my headset and cingular has replaced the phones (razr v3 and 8125) twice with no improvement. distance is less than 10 feet with static and dropped calls. do not expect to leave your phone in the car and pump gas or get the mail without complaints. some folks with the verizon v3c razr have reported getting better distance but nothing past 15 feet.3. motorola gives you 30 days to try and return with refund, however the return shipping is on you. so with shipping / tracking / insurance expect to spend another $5 even if its their problem, and there are problems with this headset.if its longer than 30 days, you are stuck with it.i would give it 5 stars for style, 3 stars for execution, 2 stars for how well it works, and 1 star for their support policy.google "motorola h700 problems", make an informed decision. if you can, try before you buy. $100 may not buy you the best, maybe just the smallest. i am waiting on motorola to replace it one last time.updateproduct was returned and received by motorola 6/15. a new one was to go out 2 day fedex.22 days later i received it today 7/7, just the headset. no charger, manual, case, or  warranty card.dead as a door nail with no charger to check it.  after 30 minutes on hold they will now replace the whole product as ordered and returned #98686h. would not refund shipping charges.  for those contemplating a replacement make sure they send out the latest headset part # syn1311b.remember a company is as the sum of its parts, support 0 stars.
i just got mine after reading several reviews on this model.  the biggest and only complaint is the range.  you do not get 25 feet range and to be honest you have to hold the phone on the same side as your bluetooth just so you don't get static.  i found there is no perfect bluetooth and their very expensive so this is okay if the range is the only problem i have i keep it in my pocket anyway.  my calls are clear, but i must add sometimes the phone disconnects from the bluetooth and i am answering my phone saying hello not realizing this.
i saw the reviews for this headset on cnet, and i was pretty excited about getting it to use with my lg vx-9400 phone.  the verizon sales agent recommended it to me because they h700 had the same version of bluetooth.  that was the reason she gave for my jabra bt350v having lots of static when using with the 9400.well, the results with the h700 were actually worse.  the callers on the other end said that the static was painful to their ears it was so bad.  i heard some static on my end which has never been the case with any headset phone pairing that i've had.  after one day, i boxed it back up and sent it back to amazon.one thing to note.  this must be taken in the context of the phone it was paired with.  if you are not using the lg vx-9400, your experience will likely be different.  if at all possible, find a headset that others have already used with your phone and have reported success with.  otherwise you are rolling the dice.  sites like howard forums (google it) are good for finding out what others have experienced.  good luck!
the motorola h-700 is great for the price i paid. i used to have a h800 so i decided to tried the h700 that is smaller.great device!!!
i used to love this bluetooth headset. i used it for about two years, and loved how quick it was to answer calls by just flipping it open. i also like that you can easily switch it from right ear to left ear by just pulling the hook off.the buttons on this device are easy to access, and it was comfortable enough to use for extended periods of time.however, overtime, the static on the calls just got worse and worse until i could no longer use this without people getting really annoyed. i don't know if maybe i dropped it too many times, or if moisture got into it, but after working well for about a year and a half, i had to retire this device. i now use the h730:motorola h730 (bulk packaged)even at its best, people could still tell that i was using a bluetooth when speaking with this device. since upgrading to the h730, i have not had a single person ask if i was using a bluetooth. i think the placement of the microphone hole on the newer version may have some impact on that, as it is away from your face more on the newer version, compared with being on the actual flip-open boom piece that rests on your cheek. for these reasons, i only gave this bluetooth 3 stars, and would recommend the h730 instead.
it's lite, comfortable, sound is good and no one that i've talked to has commented that my phone sounds different. i did however have a problem getting it to pair. i had to go online to figure it out since the directions that came with it were poor. i could not get the light to stop blinking blue and it has to be purple to pair. the online directions said to close the mic, hold down the button until it turns purple and then open the mic. that's not really correct either. you have to open the mic while your finger is holding the button down. they forgot to mention that important step. i can't tell you how many times i had to do it before figuring that one out. that said it works well and pairing was easy after getting the light to turn purple. obviously with the 5 stars i gave it i'm recommending it.update: february 11, 2009 the bluetooth has slowly died. people were no longer able to hear me. they said it sounded like i was miles away. i took very good car of the unit, always kept it in a case and was worn maybe two hours a day on average. i tried cleaning the mic but it didn't help. it lasted a year and a half so i guess i got my moneys worth. just thought you'd like to know.
i've paired mine with a razr v3 black and a razr v3i without any issues. the sound is perfect, no static or other interference. callers on the other end can hear me clearly and vice versa. this is very lightweight and portable and i cannot recommend this enough!the only thing i want to mention is that when i purchased this a while back, the getting started guide was outdated and gave me an older sequence of steps for pairing the device, so it was frustrating in the beginning until i realized that the instructions were wrong. i went online to motorola and got the proper set of instructions, and voila, perfect!
i have been using this for almost a year now, and can not live without it. the quality of this product is great, it may not be as cheap as others, but its worth it. the most important factor of this is quality of voice, even if i am outside, driving or walking, voice quality is very clear.
after losing my cell phone to a lake while flyfishing i decided it was time to try and avoid that mistake. i love this guy i actually bought another one of these (a larger size). i can pretty much let it sit beside me in the water and it will float and not take on any water. it is the best enclosure for valuables. i took this to a theme park where i knew there would be water rides and it still protected. i also used this on the beach to protect my phone. it kept my phone out of the sandy elements. i recommend this product. any questions please ask i am always looking for advice so i enjoy giving it when i can as well.
after all the water damage we had after hurricane ike, i decided to get something to protect my cell phone if, god forbid, we have more hurricane damage. my samsung captivate fits just fine, so i'm happy with it.other reviwers said it works great, so i'll just have to take their word for it. actually, i hope i never have to find out how great it works.
seems to do a good job preventing fluid flow into or out of the box. would recommend this product to others.
very handy case to keep you valuables or electronics safe from the elements. performs as expected and is roomy enough for an iphone with a thick protective case. great if its gonna be exposed to water or dirt and sand while marching through the wilderness.
nice solid case with hard foam lining, its held up well and kept contents inside dry, clips are solid and case is rugged.
what can you say, different sizes for whatever you need. i really like them, i have six in two different sizes. i just wish they were a little cheaper, but you get what you pay for. i always say if you have to worry about the price don't buy it. but truth be told these are really great. just check inside and outside dimemsions.
took this to hawaii so i could keep my stuff safe while in the water.  it would only fit either my cell phone or my camera, not both (plus some cash, credit cards, keys, coins, etc). my cell phone is small (smaller than iphone), and normal size point-and-shoot camera.  the strap is very uncomfortable though when u go underwater (for a long time, like snorkeling)... the whole thing spins and squeezes your wrist...and it hurts. other than that, it kept everything dry the whole time.
my water sport activities are on hold for the winter, so i put the otterbox in a bucket of water , set a brick on it and walked away for a half hour or so, dry as desert sand inside upon retrieving. good sense dictates a test without expensive electronics inside, now i can use it with full confidence that wallet, iphone, etc. will be safe.
am very satisfied with this case. it arrived in a timely mannerand was just as advertised. if you want a leak proof case forcell phone or whatever, this is a good buy. mc
i purchased this product for a dive trip to fiji. while in fiji i decided to take a kayak out with my camera inside this 'waterproof' case. the case was sitting between my legs and during the trip out it slid into some water. the water was maybe 2&#34; deep. it didn't even completely submerge the case. once i was out a ways i wanted to take a picture of the resort. when i lifted the case i knew there was an issue right away when water came pouring out.my camera was ruined on the 2nd day of my 10-day vacation. there is no place to find another camera. i would have been better off putting the camera in my pocket than this case.do not purchase this item!
like every otterbox product i have owned this is well built and does its job well. great protection for anything that fits in it.
this case is mega study. i bought this because i go kayaking with my dad.the case is big enough to fit my iphone and ipod in their perfectly (with their protective cases), without them moving around in there.length wise, for just storing those 2 items it's a bit big, but at the same time its not big enough for me to squeeze my wallet in there as well.size wise, i would have preferred a little smaller to perfectly fit the phones, or a bit longer to fit something else in there as well.that's my fault though. you can read about the sizes but i never seem to picture it right until i have the product sitting right in front of me.but it gets the job done. i recommend.
good product.  very durable and waterproof. good for camping and kayaking. easy to use and works well with other sizes in the system.
i have had this phone for almost a year now. i have not had any major issues. though a little slippery to hold. the bad part about the keyboard is that you have to use two hands for it. i have been reading about people losing their stylus', i haven't had that problem so far. i have added a 2gb mini sd card for my tunes. although this phone does not like macs, it is a good windows device which requires occasional reset. a built-in task manager would help.
i'll make this short and sweet... i've had the phone for a month now.* this phone has excellent reception* wi-fi and edge data works perfect to access the web* gmail works perfectly and automatically (but took some figuring out to set up - you have to go to mytmobile.com to set it up)* i use gmail and google calendar/spreadsheets/etc - i don't use the outlook features.* the handwriting recognition is awesome, but i have no use for it.* works perfectly with my bluetooth earset* voice dialing actually works really well!* the built-in word/excel and pdf viewer work perfectly.* works perfectly with my gps - a tomtom go 910 - to get live traffic updates and weather.my only issues:* the keyboard - i'm glad it's qwerty, but there's got to be a better way to type in numbers!  this took me about a week to get used to.  there should just be an extra row for numbers.* typing a number in isn't bad, but i wish the touch screen keypad was just a bit larger.  there's a downloadable application to just say the numbers to dial, but i haven't tried it yet.
great interface, but the pen is faulty. i have used the palm and the pen is easy to use. the pen for the mda doesn't work sometimes and it's operation isn't smooth. the screen isn't very big which is a turn off for such a heavy and bulky tool.the email tool doesn't have an option to set business hours so you have it still downloading mail 24hrs, that wasn't good. i like my business tool silent when i am at home. and it is locked by t-mobile such that you can't install java applications like google maps.i returned it, for the weight it should give me the feel of an hp-ipaq or mini-computer but i didn't get that feel at all.
the mda, designed and made by taiwan's htc, a leader in the windows mobile "smart phone" market (they seem to make all the wm phones sold in the u.s.), is really a cool concept.  it has a nice shape, a slide-out thumbboard that automatically turns the screen to landscape, and all the goodies that make up windows mobile: pocket office, pocket ie, msn messenger, windows media player 10, and tons of free software to download from the web.  plus, it has wi-fi which works really well.i really wanted to like the mda, as i decided not to get a palm-based treo due to severe syncing problems with outlook (problems that were supposed to be fixed in the now-vaporware palm os 6 "cobalt").  and i wanted to like t-mobile because they are the only carrier out there that forces you on a one-year, not two-year, contract (and still gives you a rebate).  anyway, after a few days i was sorely disappointed.  the problem lay entirely with the mda's reception.  it was almost the same problem i had with the original sidekick back in 2003.  the mda's antenna was never able to grab a signal strong enough to make web surfing any close to being useable.  and it would constantly lose and hunt for signal.  it was frustrating to no end, even in the heart of boston where a razr tmo phone had full reception.  i never got half the speed promised by edge, the 2.5g gsm data network.  very, very disappointing.  much, much worse than the evdo services i had earlier this year tried with sprint and verizon.summary: the mda has all the potentials of a major league star except the ability/stamina to stick out for more than one inning.  it's a dud, thanks partly to htc's poor antenna design and/or construction and partly to t-mobile's poor edge and gprs support.  if you can stand a two-year commitment, go with sprint's ppc-6700, also made by htc with the same sliding thumbboard design.  i haven't tried the ppc-6700 yet (cuz i'm pretty much broke now), but online reviews are mostly positive.
it is a bit clunky..that is the bad news. all the rest is good.the phone is terrific as a phone. it has good clear sound, an easy interface, and helpful links to your contacts.the browswer feature is awesome. edge-enabling means you have virtual 24/7 access to the internet, and to your email through the web or an outlook style program.the 1.3 mp camera is more than adequate for the opportunity shots when you do not have your camera handy.this is a far superior product to a blackberry unless you need push. i do not, but i have heard push software can be downloaded.i have had pocket pc's in the past, and had no learning curve with the program. the reality is however it is quite user-friendly and takes little time to master.
i like my phone i got it the first day it came out and when i got it i mean it takes some getting use to but i like the features, the camera, the phone is ok not wow, love the keyboard, and i really like my windows media player on it and all the things you can do. i don't know what most people were expecting but i think my expection of the phone is what i expected....until someone finds the perfect phone that has no problems, have everything you ever wanted, absolutely no issue with it and it does every possible thing, then you let me know but for now this phone is ok/good
i really, really wanted to like this phone.  i use a dialup pop account to access the web (from an old treo 270) and bought this phone because it allows dialup ip connections where the treo 650 doesn't.  i'd originally purchased a 650 and returned it because it prevents you from accessing the web via dialup (as soon as you put in the sim card, it defaults to t-mobile's gprs network and locks out any other type of internet connection).unfortunately, the pocketpc interface is absolutely unintuitive as compared to the palm os.  where the palm may require one or two clicks to access something or intitiate a task, the pocketpc requires you go through very cumbersome menus in order to achieve the same actions.  learning these menus is a real pain.  even such simple items as exiting a program or function can be frustrating because the commands needed to do so will change depending on the application you may be running (something as basic as a close box will move location from one program to another).  "how do i get out of this?"  one app has a close box in the upper right hand of the screen, another app. requires you to access a menu and then close.  when using the phone, turning on the speakerphone requires going through two menus where in the palm os it's thoughtfully placed right on your main phone screen.the slide out keyboard, although it looks cool- is very difficult to use.  because the keys need to be flat in order to fit under the slide, they are not tactile enough to distinguish easily with your thumb, there is little resistance to activating them and it is very easy to press the wrong key unintentionally.  the stylus is laughably unusable as it's located on the bottom of the unit, is too small as well as being telescoping in a way where it's constantly collapsing as you try to use it.where the treo has a physical exterior switch to go into vibrate or quiet mode, the mda/kjam requires you to go through at least 2 onscreen menus to turn off the ringer.  i bought a 1 gig memory card for the unit but can't seem to get it to save pix or video to the card.  i'm sure there's a way to do it, but again it requires learning more unintuitive steps & configurations from the manual.  when talking on the phone it's very easy to touch the screen with your ear or face so that functions and applications accidentally launch.  it's processor is relatively slow and there is almost always a 2 second lag between launching something and being able to access it.the wifi does work very well and makes browsing a breeze. the screen is bright and clear.  bluetooth is decent but sound quality suffers.  if your a techie who doesn't mind going through an extensive learning curve, the unit is as feature packed as you can get and more powerful than most other pda/phones on the market.  i also like the fact it uses a standard, non proprietary usb mini plug for synching and charging, making it possible to charge the unit with cables already on hand from other devices if necessary.it's not a bad phone, but needs a lot of improvements before being something practical to use on a daily basis.  after coming from the palm os, pocketpc is kind of like eating at dominos after growing up on nyc pizza.
i received the unit unlocked from other sellersince it's unlocked, i can use it right away with wataniya in kuwaitthe device has quad-band, that i can use it without worryreception is pretty good, at least it's good as my sda and nokiasthe screen is nice, but since this is small, that i have hard time tapping with fingernailsbattery time is ok, i get 4 hours internet radio only with gprs without running other applicationsthe slide-out keyboard is another plus, that helps when doing texting, but i need to take a while to learn how to operate (press caps once for single cap, press twice for all caps; press dot once for numeric/symbol, press dot twice for all numeric/symbol)but sometimes the unit is not so left handed friendly (i suggest the direction buttons should be on the left, while the d-pad is already on the right when keyboard is outaudio is fine, with gsplayer and tcpmp, i get almost complete audio/video support, i also installed a2dp addon, but i found it just slow down the unitpros:sliding keyboardtriple wireless with quad-band gsm/edgedecent battery timecan use regular miniusb cable to charge directly from hostloud stereo speakerphoneclear screenexceptional receptioncons:limited bt function (i want obex that i can exchange phone numbers among my phonesrelatively small screen (hard to tap with fingernails)200mhz cpu (this may help save battery)minisd support, while the similar product (htc magicial and prophet can take standard sd)requires hp h19xx headphones adaptor to use with regular headphonesconclusion: this phone is good if you consider it as data phone (for mp3, mobile internet, messaging), but ok as regular phonesome useful resources: howardforums, aximsite, xda-developers, modaco
nearly 10 years later, this t-mobile mda still works. i popped in the battery and was amazed she's still chugging along, and located my wi-fi connection without any hesitation. i had purchased the mda solely for use of a custom-designed business application that worked under the windows mobile operating system. the company that wrote the app for me is long gone, but the mda still works. the mda's full-sized pull-out keyboard was amazing quality for the time, in an era when on-screen blackberry keyboards were the standard.the only reason i'm not using this phone anymore is because i can't get a decent t-mobile phone signal where i currently live and work. the phone still works excellent as a data and texting device. i had to switch to verizon and an iphone in order to get a decent cell phone signal.if you can find one cheap enough, it's an interesting little device to use with wi-fi. the mda used to be a real guy magnet. nobody had ever seen a phone like this before, and total strangers would come up and ask me about it. i upgraded to a g1, the first android-based phone, and then immediately ditched it and went back to my beloved mda.
i had no trouble using this i have a razr v3r.  i downloaded songs to my 1-gig media card and i can use any song as a ringtone.  i also loaded pictures from my computer to my phone. great and amazon had the best price bar none
i love this product, i received it in the mail last week, loaded it and moved pictures, made my own ring tones. loaded the phone book, into outlook express. it worked great! my daughter and her girl friend both downloaded ring tones, and downloaded pictures without any problems.
motorola should do better. this product would not install in ether of my state of the art computers.  find a program from another source.  save yourself some headaches.
the price i paid for this package was good, but the cost of shipping negated the low price. i had seen lower price from other web retailer, $8 with free shipping. most advertizements online include just one cable. this phone tool package has two cables, one for mini-usb and one for other non-mimi-usb phones. i guess the extra cable is worth a few dollars. the software does not have much on it, but you need it to manage your phone book on your cell phone and to make your own mp3 ring tones and upload to it. other phone maker like samsung, you can download similar utilities for free from their website.
this is a great utility for simplifying some of the most common tasks such as archiving phone numbers and for transferring ringtones and graphics from a computer to the phone using usb, infrared or bluetooth connection.the setup was fairly straightforward and the menus intuitive.i am very satisfied with the product.
the goodthis program can be great. i use it to sync my phone with outlook 2003, to transfer pictures and video to my phone and to create ringtones from my favorite audio cd's.it works great with outlook 2003, i am running windows xp home edition.  i am not sure about mac users.  it works best when you use a data cable.my motorala phone tools software was purchased a couple of years ago for my motorola v660. my toddler tossed my phone into the full washing machine while i was adding fabric softner to a load of laundry. they don't still make my old phone, my insurance replaced it with a v3.i lost my ringtones and address book. my husband already had a data cable for the v3 phone so i just plugged my phone in hoping it would allow me to sync with outlook(he took his data cable to work but i found a replacement on amazon for less than $5.00). imagine my surprise when the software recognized a new phone promped me to update the software to phone tools 4.0 and install a profile for the new phone. all i had to do was copy all my old information on to my new phone and go.the badthis does not work on every motorola phone.  if you want to be sure it will work with your phone then i suggest you go to the bvrp/avanquest website and check to see if your phone is compatable before you purchase the software.  it is cheaper at amazon and you get the disk if you need to reinstall the program both pluses when buying this software.not a one size fits all program;  if you want something just for ringtones i would suggest ringtone media studio 2 also by bvrp/avanquest.the uglythe bluetooth just does not work well and when i tried to use it it was just plain frustrating so i subtracted one star.  bluetooth had been out long enough for them to make this work.i am not a techie i just want technology to work for me with as little hassle as possible - i'm busy i just want it to do what it should and i am happy this program still works for me two years and one phone later.
i've read a number of reviews on the mpt4 and was a bit skeptical. i had just replaced an audiovox ppc4100 pda phone which was stolen with a new motorola krzr k1. i did not know whether this would efficiently replace the effective but cumbersome pda i've had for so many years.after initially installing the mpt4 software it did an update but when i started the program it could not find my new krzr k1. the software worked fine with my  wife's razor v3. after a few tries i realized the program would update itself everytime i turned it on till it finally reached the latest version 4.1.2. after that it would sync the krzr with my pc with no problem whatsoever!although i've had to adjust to a number of things, one must also understand the program's limitations, the use of this software has definately exploited the krzr's full potential. i've created different profiles on my laptop, store computer and home computer. and both my wife and i have no problems using it. i definately recommend the program and just advice the user to update the software to it's latest version.motorola mobile phone tools 4.0 for all motorola phones [motorola retail packaging]
my consonants aren't well pronounced and my voice is pretty smooth--not loud. i have a hard time finding headsets that work. i was expecting this one to work well since it had a boom mic. but people still had a hard time hearing me. they don't have a hard time when i talk on my samsung epic touch. so, this was a worse experience for my listeners. it doesn't have any noise cancellation, which might be part of the issue. it's a great headset for the price, but if you're a person who tends to mumble or be soft spoken, i would try another plantronics headset. my trusty dusty is the plantronics mx150. people can't tell a difference between that and the mic on my cell phone. i just keep buying them. i would love to find another since i have to keep buying the converters for the headset jack and that's been tough to find ones that work.as for comfort, i thought it would be better than some, but after wearing it for 30 minutes or so, i still get a little ear fatigue and need to take it off. the sound on it is pretty good. better than the mx150, but obviously not representative of what the person on the other end is hearing.
i love this headset.  it's lightweight, easy to adjust for right or left ear, with clear sound on both talk and listen.  this headset sounds great when talking, unlike others that sound faint to the listener.  it's very clear to listen with, and comfortable due to it's lightweight design so one can leave it on for hours.  to switch ears, you simply pivot the ear bud and voila, it fits the other ear.  it has a mute and volume control, but i never use them since my phone has a mute button on it and the volume is adjusted the way i like it.i really like this headset and would buy again if i lost it.plantronics mx505-x1 windsmart boom headset with 2.5mm plug (black and gray)
i like the convenience of blue tooth and wireless, but our family keeps coming back to this top quality wired headset for sound quality. we use it so much that we just wear ours out, because we use them periodically for travel with our mobile phones, but also have them on our portable home phones. if i know that i am going to be in some wind i will use this headset instead of my wireless - just as a comparison and i use a plantronics voyager pro plus and it is a great wireless headset, but for real sound quality on both ends you can't beat the plantronics mx500 series. i hope they keep them around for a while.
well, its a easy product, but it is just i hope buy, the quality is no so great. . .
i have had a few of these (broke them, totally my fault) and i use them with the adapter for my android phone. i am very sensitive about clients and calls with press people hearing me clearly, easily and consistently. i take this headset and the sister 3-in-1 version any day over several bluetooth headsets i have purchased over the years. i know its an older product, but it works extremely well. if they made them out of titanium, i would buy it at almost any price because i have trashed (again, my fault, dog ate one, i crushed the other) two of them. thankfully they are inexpensive.
i bought a plantronics bluetooth headsetplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headsetfor the car and was extremely happy with it. i wanted to leave it in the car, though, because i knew if i took it with me when i got out, i would never remember to put it back in the car.  i decided to get a wired headset to keep in my briefcase because, despite being very technically literate, i'm still leary about something emitting radio waves stuck in my ear all day.  the mx505 has been great.  most importantly, it's durable.  it also has good sound quality and the people i call have no trouble hearing me.
the c139 is the cheapest model in tracfone's lineup.  it's a very good basic phone that gives you good voice clarity and easy text messaging.  because tracfone doesn't have a lot of services to offer (which isn't a bad thing for people who only want basic cellular service), this phone doesn't give you music downloads or live tv (which on other carriers are mostly misleading hype anyway).  the color screen is small but good-quality.  the only thing i don't like is tracfone's 60-day refill polic: you must refill every 60 days to keep your account active; otherwise you forfeit your number and balance.  other prepaid providers like speak out wireless (from 7-eleven) give you one full year of usage.
if you have a child who you want to carry a cell phone, but don't want to pay lots of money for all of the extras (or if you yourself just want a "basic" phone), this is a good value for the money.  large screen displays numbers very clearly.  sound quality is good.  battery life is a little short and the phone cannot be used while it is charging (that's a pretty big negative, imo).  but overall, this is a good starter phone and serves the purpose.  if you just want a dependable phone to carry with you in case of emergencies, this phone fits the bill nicely.
i bought this phone because i was sick of sprint's contracts. it has been great for the following reasons:- cheap ($13)- superb coverage: i travel coast to coast and even get service in the backwoods of rural alabama (costa rica too)- battery lasts and lasts (and lasts)- easy to useall i wanted was a phone that worked.  after previously owning the $700 mini-computer type phone i was ready to kick 'em all to the curb but this has been great.  if you're tired of the high charges and contract hassles, give this a try.  i spent $100 on 1200 minutes and a year's worth of service.the only caveat to this service is that you get dinged for an entire minute even if you only used 2 seconds of it.  but with all the other good stuff that it does have, that little detail doesn't bother me a bit!
i'd like to say i was satisfied with this device, but i'm not, the att version for whatever reason was just sooo much better than this phone on tracfone, and it was basically the same phone.just a stupid phone!!!the att version is good, but this is a no good phone!!hello guys, up for reviews today is a phone i once used for tracfone the motorola c139.1st phone, it worked good, i was in the bathroom flushed the toilet and down went the phone, of course it was dead after this and it was gone to the sewer.2nd phone. had this phone with at&t; service, instead of tracfone, i noticed a possible ui change, better service and the fact you could use this as prepaid or personal because at&t; does not put a sim lock on pay as you go sim cards.the phone wasn't that good for texting but it was pretty good also for just the games, i got addicted to the one where there is the ball and it is kind of like brick attack, found on most keyocera phones, but i totally forget the name.3rd phone, was tracfone i got it for my sister, it was washed in the hose, fell and got sprayed an a red dot to prove this. got the screen to change colors and call different people from her contacts, tried drying and then it stopped even working as even a phone, it would go to the tracfone turn on screen reset itself and do it again until you did something like press a button itd go off, or the battery would die.it still mysteriously charged, so it was used for a moto charger, or planned to if i found a phone with the same battery and then all now i get was a lit up keypad. i took it apart, which voided the warranty, if any since wet. now all i got was nothing and figured i should replace it and recycle it which i did.
beware tracfone. i regret that amazon won't let me give them 0 stars. we got this phone for my wife's aunt last december. after 1 year of trying to get this working, she still cannot receive calls. she can call out, but no one can call her. tracfone support is useless (and generally only marginally speaks english). you also cannot manage the phone or minutes on line. you have to call in and give them about 60 digits that the phone shows you to do almost anything. we're letting this one die with over 400 units left on it because it is basically useless. coverage isn't good either, but who cares if you can't receive calls anyway? there has got to be a better option, because i doubt there are many worse ones.
this is a great product. works just like the name brand product. haven't had no problem with the product. and the price is allot better than the name brand one. why pay for the name when you have a product like this. would recommend this product to everyone.
good product for the money.havent had any problems with it and is cheap enough to forget in a friends car
i received in great time and it was as if brought out of the store.very basic but does the job.thanks,
sucks, never worked, hated it, threw it away. total waste of time- there are so many better products out there.
i've had this thing for years now, and use it all the time. at one point i went to plug my usb cord in without looking and totally smashed the internal stuff up inside the top! i thought it was broken, however after finding something small to push the innerds back down to where the cord would once again fit inside, it's worked just fine. never cuts out or anything. i still have to be careful, otherwise i'll push the internal casing back upwards - i'm sure i broke some little stabilizer - but i can get it back down easily. i'm impressed.
there's really not much to say other than the adapter works like i expected it to.  i bought it to charge my cell phone in my truck, and it definitely does that.
it works really good. i dont even have to worry if i cant charge my phone in the house. i love this item and it is easy to carry anywhere you go.
this dry bag works very well.  i own several that close by wrapping the top several times.  this closure uses the rotating tabs to lock the bag shut.  it is a great way to seal the bag.  i tested it after receiving it.  it passed with flying colors.
went on a cruise, wanted something waterproof for cell phone and wallet contents while on the beach or doing activities where stuff might get wet.  this little number fit the bill quite well.  durable plastic, clever latches that work well to seal the top.  i leak tested it before leaving, and was impressed with the seal.  when we went snorkelling there were free lockers to use, so i didn't actually use it in the water, but i would have felt safe doing so if lockers weren't available. we like to canoe during the summer, this will be much more convenient for cell phones, etc, than the larger dry bag i have been using.  my wife was impressed enough with mine that she wants one by summertime.  recommend!
very poor product quality. i lost my iphone 3gs due to to water leak using this product. it was working ok for few occasion after sometime (couple of months of using) it just stop working and water start to leak.
i used this to go to a water park. i didnt do any swimming but walked through a lot of sprinklers. phone was fine and i could use the touch screen while in the case.
i wish the backside was clear so you could access your camera on your phone. otherwise it does what it says.
it does it's job well.  my smart phone fits in it & you can use it through the plastic.  i took it fishing & worked like a charm.  i think it's well worth the money.
i've fallen in the water kayaking a few times with my ipod touch and lg xenon in these cases.  they've been submerged in water for a few minutes and survived.  haven't had any issues with humidity inside the pack, but i'm not a heavy user of my cell phone or touch while paddling.
but at this price you'de be better off using ziploc bags or something equally inexpensive.  this does have a nice landyard and will keep your phone dry.
it is important not to drop the remote control in the lake due to high cost of replacement.  this case is exactly the right size and since it has clear front the remote can be operated without opening the case  a winner
is a good and practice bag, regular quality, work well, for the price, is the product that company offer satisfaction with the purchase
i bought this for a cruise to protect my phone, cash and other delicate items during a cruise.  5 minutes after being in the water i noticed it was about 1/4 full of water.  the bottom developed a hole after extremely light use.  the cost?  a ruined iphone 5s.  what a nightmare.  i guess it was stupid of me to trust a 12 dollar &#34;waterproof&#34; pouch with a 600 dollar iphone.  lesson learned.
while fishing i'd used an identical but &#34;brand name&#34; dry pak that was loaned by a friend. the kwik tek is, as i said identical, but a good bit cheaper. waterproof and mudproof protection for my iphone that i've used fishing and working outside in damp, muddy conditions. some padding provides additional protection from drops and bumps. should float with most devices, especially if you leave some air inside. except for the camera, phone and apps are fully functional although i prefer to remove it for talking. lanyard provides a bit of extra security that i haven't yet needed but will when kayaking. between uses to assure inside is totally dry, it is a good idea to prop open to air or drop in one of those silica packs. guess you could get some protection from a baggie, but at this low price the kwik tek is cheap insurance for your phone and priceless data.
with buying a $400 cell phone out of pocket i wasn't going to take any chances on it.  this pouch saved my phone's life!  i attached the pouch to my mountain bike with large rubberized bands (made for the purpose) that stretch and wrap around the bars and have loops on the end to stretch around the phone.i unexpectedly sank and tipped over in a small stream my phone and bike became caked in mud.  i washed off the case in a river and my phone was just fine on the inside.  this pouch has become coveted by fellow mountain bikers who do it without protection... on their phones.
once before i tried ordering a blackberry battery on line and it turned out to be a fake knockoff.  this is no fake knockoff.  it works great.
worked well. i got it because my phone kept shutting off. after i got it, my phone was fine. had good life. but then after a while, my phone started to shut off again. so it was probably just my phone with the problem.
made a decision early this year to pick up a newblackberry curve 8330as a better method of communicating with clients and family. had seen reviews that averaged 4.4 out of 5, so it seemed to be a decent choice. this turned out to be one of the best decisions made this year, as the blackberry turned out to be far better than expected... it was faster than my previous phone, reliable, versatile and rugged, and there were few dropped calls. but the phone had one simple problem: it's a battery eater!went to my cell phone provider to see about getting an extra battery, and was surprised to find that the standard 1000 mah oem lithium ion battery cost was almost $45.00. that seemed a bit steep, so i began searching here on amazon.com and found this blackberry li-ion [oem] c-s2 battery. was cautious because of the extreme price difference, but figured that if it was truly an oem c-s2 battery, it was worth the gamble.examined it when it arrived, and found that it not only had the original blackberry logo, but was marked c-s2 on the face, the correct version for my phone (and many other blackberry models). the back listed it as a lithium ion battery, 3.7v, with a capacity of 1150mah 4.3wh... identical to my original battery. so it was charged overnight, as had done when the phone was first received with the original battery.it was good choice, as the battery has been a perfect backup to my original. it has function just the same as the original c-s2 battery, and there seems to be no difference. went on to buy a second backup, just because it seemed to be a good idea for those "better safe than sorry" situations. must admit that i do use the built-in gps quite a bit, and that along with frequent 'net access, probably accounts for my need of extra battery power. might note that i picked up anexternal battery charger for blackberry 8300 8320 8330, which has been the perfect compliment to these batteries.one might note that the prices on the blackberry c-s2 oem batteries seem to vary quite a bit here, but most seem to come in well under $7.00... far less that what the cell phone retailers are charging. do your searching here on amazon.com and you'll find some excellent prices on these.if your battery seems to not last as long as the original specs for the blackberry stated, you can argue with the retailer... or waste far less time and get one of these c-s2 oem batteries here. giving it a 5-star rating without any hesitation at all.
great battery at a super price.  i cannot compare to the higher rated &lt;life> batteries.  but this works great for original spec.  i get a days worth of use easy.  i do keep charged.
this battery is perfect for blackberry 8700, it has long standby time and quick to charge, eforcity's delivery was speedy too.
bought my cable last year and only used it for a couple of weeks before i decided to replace it with a cable from nokia.this eforcity unit is made of cheap-feeling material. takes a bit to plug into my computer and once it is in, still doesn't work a lot of times. so i had to unplug and go thru the process a few times.yes the price is low. but overall the item is too unstable.
the price is good and the cable is working well. i had a very good experience with this cable.
cable connects directly to phone allowing you to use the nokia phone tools, contact management and even usb mass storage.
this cable functions fine (at first), but it probably won't hold up to everyday use.  i've inserted mine maybe 20 times, and one of the spring-loaded contacts just became permanently stuck, making the cable worthless.  sure it's dirt cheap, which is nice compared to the expensive real nokia cable, but with what these accessory vendors charge for shipping, i'd recommend ordering several of these at one time from a source with a good deal on multiple items.  i'm now trying to decide whether to do that myself or shell out for the real deal with a real warranty.
this data cable allowed me to access my nokia 6085 (black) phone's memory and firmware update using nokia suite, it does what it is designed for.pros:(+) cheapcons:(-) may not last for multiple uses as the port connector on the cable may eventually break over time.notes:(*) do not use the driver cd that comes with the product
not a single glitch. fair priced and fast shipping. no problems or hassles connecting and syncing using windows xp or vista. what's not to love?
i did not like how the tablet case with keyboard had the wire for the keyboard sticking out of the case. an easy way to get it caught on something and do damage. this works great to keep the wire for the keyboard inside the area of the case where it is more protected.
does exactly what it's supposed to do: allow you to plug in a mini-usb plug into a place you couldn't fit it before because of the angle.
this device is a small attachment for any of the navigon 2100, 5100 or 7100 series gps.for some reason, navigon decided to place the charger receptacle on the bottom (facing downwards) of their units. this makes little difference if you use the windshield suction cup to hold and display your unit. however, if you use the adhesive disc for the dash then the charger cord will likely have to be bent at right angles to make the connection, as its receptacle on the gps points straight down. this device, when attached to the gps, allows allows the charger cord to come in from the side, eliminating any acute bending of the cord.conclusion:a helpful device for all navigon gps units; intend for those users who wish to have their unit mounted to the dash. 5 stars
i have a very nice bluetooth headphset with a power connector that is simply not accessible by the cable unless i charge it unfolded.  the design is really bad for me as i want to be able to charge it folded.  the right angle adapter is just what i needed and the price was right.  it works pretty well for me, so i am giving it 4 stars.i have to be a little nit-picky, but i actually would have preferred a &#34;left&#34; angle connector -- the right angle works for me, but a connector pointed in the other direction would have worked even better.  note that the connector exactly matches the picture in the product description so i knew what i was getting ahead of time.  i just wanted to get something that apparently nobody makes.  anyway, if you need the right angle, then it will be a 5 star review for you.
i am using this to keep my garmin nuvi 360 powered up while driving.  i didn't know this when i got it, but if the garmin is plugged in and not using battery power, it automatically turns on when the car is turned on (that's what i get for not reading the instruction manual, lol).to have a cleaner appearance in the car, i have the mini-usb plugged into the ball mount that is holding the gps and not plugged into the gps itself.  unfortunately, that port is really close to the ball mount which restricts it's movement when plugged in.  with the adapter, it makes the cable less intrusive and makes the gps free to adjust with the ball mount to nearly any position desired.  in combination with a 1.50 mini-usb cable, probably the cheapest way to keep my nuvi charged while driving!!
just what i needed, to run the cord to my gps mounted in my car.  it does not trigger the garmin to go into usb pc-connected mode, like some usb right angle cords will do.
i thought this help to have good look for my two devices but this is important at last because i need to modify mini usb which is not easy from the cable but this one has small pcb inside that is giving me a room to add resistor. thank you seller.
i love being able to use these with my phone and mp3 player.  it is so neat to hear a person talking in stereo.  i love this product. it is well worth the money.
the bt620s is a fine little gadget.  it works well, sounds great, is easy to use and compatible with my bluetooth devices.  it doesn't quite fit my giant head so well though.  it's a little tight on my ears, but not painful.  i imagine that it will loosen up over time.  the problem is that when the headphones sit idle, they bend in so that in order to fit them on your ears you have to flex them out, which creates quite a bit of tension.  the actual flexing plastic part seems fairly durable, so i'm not worried about breakage.the package comes with a mini-usb wall charger, a mini-usb to usb cable an extra set of foam ear pads, a bag for your headset and the headset itself of course.  so for $40, this is a fantastic deal for something that i imagine works just as well as the more expensive competitors and has a comparable comfort level.the weight of the device is not too much.  as i said, the only problem i have is with the comfort.  smaller heads would probably find it even more comfortable than my gargantuan melon.  now i'm going to go cry myself to sleep on my huge pilla.
i've had the headphones for a few months already, and i have had many problems when pairing them, but i suppose it is because of the treo poor bluetooth connectivity manager, or because of the drivers on my pc.a major drawback that i have found is the pressure it applies to the head, is a bit too much.  the problem, is after an hour of using them, i get a headache.  this is a real problem, since i have tried to open them a bit more, but the way the plastic band is done, it doesn't allow it.a minor drawback is the size, since they are very obvious on my ears (normal person), it makes wearing them a bit uncomfortable, and for sure rules out using them on the street, if you don't want to attract thieves that is.aside from that, on my perspective the sound is good, the microphone works very well, the battery charge is good, volume and other buttons work properly.  i use them to go jogging, and i must say they work pretty well even under stress and harsh situations.
i purchased the jabra a125s bluetooth ipod adapter along with the jabra bt620s bluetooth headphone and have enjoyed both.  they were easy to set up and since they are both from the same manufacturer they both use the same charger so i do not have any extra ones to worry about and i always have a spare to take with me when i am gone for long periods of time.the only suggestions that i would have would be for a positive connection to my itouch; as it is now it is too easy to wiggle out just enough so that the connection is not good and i have to push it back in.of course this only happens when i am walking it works great when i am just lounging around listening to tunes.
i think these are pretty good headphones when compared with an older set of logitech bluetooth headphones.  these ones are much more comfortable for a longer time and don't seem so fragile.  i love how there's a built-in microphone for voice.  i've used this before with my phone and while people may give you strange looks while talking the person on the phone seemed to hear me just fine.i think these are also great to use when a cable often gets in the way.  i enjoy using these if i'm taking a bike ride.  i have an adapter for my ipod which i use with these. my only complaint is if i go to the gym with these on.  i can hear music fine if the volume is up, however if i'm watching a show on my ipod then often times i can't hear much of the dialogue.  so in those situations i end up using my ear buds.  i'd say the sound quality is alright.  i'm not an audiophile but i do usually have a good ear for sound quality.  the battery life on these seems good and i like how they can charge with a standard mini-usb connection.i've had 1 problem that's probably worth sharing.  between pairing the headphones for different devices i sometimes had an issue and then it wouldn't pair to anything.  so i'd shut them off, plug them into a pc which is powered on.  after a few seconds i'd disconnect it and when i tried to pair them up again it would work.  i am not sure of the cause and didn't try plugging them into a regular power source to see if that fixes it.  so just a warning if any of you come across this problem too.  it doesn't happen every time and isn't a deal breaker for me.
i should say i right now that i don't own a cell phone so i can't verify the microphone part of this thing - only the music part.  it's a bit funky to get used to, like learning all the colors and flashing led's, beeps or the controls.  it's also a bit heaver then normal headphones because of the batteries.  i recommend you don't read the getting started guide, rather jump right into the user manual.you should get in the package:  1 bt620s headset, 1 usb to usb mini cord, 1 ac adapter, getting started guide, and user manual, spare pair of ear cushions, and finally a carrying bag.i was a little overwhelmed of the things it says it can do, so i thought it had about 10 buttons on each side.  actually, both sides have 3 identical buttons (the big center button, and up and downs (left: volume, right: jump tracks or ff or rw).  the left big button is for phone control and turning the power on and off and activating discovery mode.  the right big button just pauses, plays.the user guide explains the the length of holding the button down does different things.  for example: to turn it on, press the left button for a second.  to turn off, hold the same button for 5 seconds.  to turn on discovery mode - hold it for 5 seconds while off.  cool beeping sounds tells you what is about to happen.it sounds great.  all the buttons that are applicable work (all but phone).  good range.  the manual claims that the purpose for the usb to mini usb is so you can charge and wirey listen to music from your computer.  but it didn't work for me - it only allowed me to charge.  but you should be able to charge your headset where ever there is a powered usb port: pc's, playstation 2!  it's too uncomfortable having a thick usb wire hanging and and tied to my pc while listening to music anyway.the ac charger is cool because it's wider instead of longer then normal ac adapters so you can fit another plug below it.  there was absolutely no mention of the carrying bag anywhere.  it still won't protect from the elements or drops or crushing it.  it's cool for reusing it as little things i guess.as for all behind the ear headphones, lying in bed is really uncomfortable, especially if your a side sleeper.and, unlike the logitech, no signs of cracking on the band.cons: i never want to see the flashing two blue led's (steaming stereo).  it is possible to turn them off but they always seem to find a way back on; a little heavy; no user replaceable battery.edit: 5/8/11it's been sitting in a box for years, so i charged and paired it up.  i don't know whats happened to it, maybe the band got slightly bent but it's really uncomfortable behind the ears now.i gave it to a friend and he too wouldn't buy it for dirt cheap.  it's pretty heavy and bulky on the sides too.  i know this item is long discontinued but look far away from it.
bluetooth is nice. the jabra bt620s allow you pair with two devices and i might add, the pairing process is simple.battery life is excellent.the controls are a bit cumbersome to deal with, but with some practice it is simple to adjust the volume, answer a call, etc.one thing you must remember to do if you don't want to appear bizarre is turn off the blue light that continuously flashes around the lefthand ear piece. it is an annoyance to have to do this every time you turn them on.sound quality is adequate and no more. i'm hardly an audiophile and don't demand much in the way of fidelity, which is a good thing with the bt620s, since its audio response is defeinitely "lo-fi", not hifi.i am constantly bothered by what sounds like static with my bt620s. when i make a call or dictate a note, my voice is recognizeable, but it does sound like i am talking through a pipe or something. overall, sound quality with these is barely passable.the wraparound headband is not adjustable. your tolerance for pain and discomfort on the other hand better be. there is a bit of an art to positioning these on your head. a millimeter this way or that means the difference beween mere discomfort and outright pain. after a while, you'll learn where your own sweet spot is with these, but i doubt you or i will ever find these things to be comfortable.is the jabra bt620 awful? no. but it skates close.should the time come to get another bluetooth headset, i'd be a lot more careful in making my choice.jerry
i should have paid more attention to the reviews.  i went ahead and ordered these, mostly due to price - nowhere can you find wireless stereo headphones for $35!  there's a reason, though.  after wearing them for only 30 minutes, my ears were very sore.  no way of adjusting them.  sound is pretty good, but certainly can't overcome the discomfort.  will be returning for credit.
i bought this headphones from local storepairing is not hard with laptopthe control layout is a lot like motorola ht820 (vol and call/power switch are on the left; play and prev/next are on the right)the rf is ok, pretty much like logitechthe problem is sound in hifi mode, it sounds like cd player has mega bass turned on, bass is over-emphasized on some partthe headphone is pretty comfortable to weari give score of 88/100, the sound in hifi mode is not good as expected, also, avrcp is kinda sluggish
i came across david pogue's review of bluetooth headphones in the new york times and researched the three sets he mentioned. compared to the other's the jabra bt620 was the cheapest and according to pogue's review all the sets performed similarly so i figured i would give it a try as i have been eager to go wireless for sometime. i had 2 simple and common requirements - that it work with my blackberry 8830 for calls and music and to be able to stream music from my pc around the house. the former was a no-go from the start as i was told via email that the blackberry lacked the right 'profile' to operate with the jabra as a music player. since i already own a regular bluetooth headset for calls the fact that i couldn't use the headsets for music was disappointing. as a bluetooth headset the audio was actually pretty good since it covers both ears and cuts out ambient noise but the microphone was very distorted since the micrphone is not on a boom but built into the earpiece. i can not imagine that you can use these as a phone headset since voice quality is a secondary aspect of the design. after some futzing i was able to get the jabra working with itunes and windows media player after installing a bluetooth usb stick on my pc. however disengaging the headsets and trying to sync back to speakers wouldn't work on either application. the only way i could get it to switch was to reopen the application and in some cases reboot the computer. on the plus side the headphones are well made (for the price), comfortable for my somewhat large head and have good audio quality for most people who aren't audiophiles. the negatives besides the above showstoppers were an extremely short range without breaking up (15 feet seems to be the max)and on a minor note the flashing led's which can be turned off but has to be done every time you recharge the device. overall bluetooth promises simplicity but in my experience was anything but. what started out as a promising technology- connect all your devices wirelessly - became the usual gobbledygook of support calls and technospeak and incompatible standards that left one frustrated at the technology. i sent mine back to amazon for a refund and will stick with wires for a while longer.
i love it, i bought it at an at&t store when it first came out for almost $140.00, so you can see that its a great price here. it pairs easily and has excellent sound quality (and i'm extremely picky when it comes to quality sound). i want to buy an extra set in case anything ever happens to these.  they charge fast and work great. only problem i ever have is without a case, you can accidently turn them on way to easy and when you need them, the battery is dead. the on button is on the right ear and pushes very easy to turn on the unit expecially when you handle them to just move them.  you have to always be sure that the light is not blinking or you'll drain the battery, whose charging connector comes with a standard small usb connector found on most phones and headsets today. it comes with a charger and a black protective cover that a bit too small, so fighting to get it in the bag can cause you to accidently turn it on.
i agree with other reviews about the design features and charging options but those things come secondary if static over takes them. the static is real even the phone is only inches away from the unit. unlike my earlier bluetooth devices this one has really short range...like 3 feet. i can not live with static so this one is going back.sorry blueant.
this is the best headset i have every had.  the comfort is great and so is the clarity.  the fact that it comes with so much makes it unlike any other.  you normally have to purchase all the accessories but they all came with it.  in my opinion, it's your best buy.
this headset is exactly as described by the manufacturer. the sound is great. the fit is very comfortable; i have had it on for 2-3 hours without even realizing it's on.you can't go wrong with this.
looks very cool.  very convenient charging via usb port.  not so good sound quality.  audio has a lot of static tics and pops and that is the only reason i give this 2 stars.  everything else is great.pairs quickly with my nextel i870.i lost my plantronics 510, so will fall back to this unit until i can find the latest earpiece that has received good reviews.  other may have a great experience with this earpiece.  unfortunately, i am not one of them.  maybe i got a "bad" one.
i am having both the jabra bt500 and bt135. very satisfy with their voice quality. however, what i brought for my girl friend is the blueant x3. its cute design caught my attention. my girl friend loves it so much that she never answer her phone without it. she said it's easy to set on her ear and very comfortable. we both satisfy with its voice quality as well. i'll highly recommend to anyone who is looking for one.
i love that i can use this wirelessly.  it's just that sometimes it drops out when i sit my mp3 down and i don't like that.  i usually ending up having to reconnect it to the headphones, but it doesn't happen that often.  otherwise, i would give it 5 stars.
i got this to use my 5g ipod with my bt-3030 bt adapter.i got this over the 125s because i can potentially use this with anything that has a 3.5mm jack. and the 125s looked a bit fragile.at least with my bt-3030 it works very well.  it doesn't have a lot of range (40 feet at most line of sight) but that's not my concern.only downsides are no user replaceable battery and it only charges with usb.  it'd be nice if it doubled as a usb to bt dongle for the pc, but oh well.it's a lot smaller than i thought it'd be.  so small in fact that jabra should consider making an ipod sleeve with a a120s pocket attached. (are you listening jabra?)the other minor issue is that when it's fully charged, the power button/indicator led changes green, but not always.  sometimes it'll go green after an hour sometimes after 10.i'd recommend this to anyone wanting to use a simple universal bt transmitter.
i use this transmitter on the back of my tv with my bluetooth headphones. it works perfectly for my purpose and the battery lasts pretty long, given the size of this thing. it's really small, smaller than a matchbox even. charges up in about 2 hours and will go for a couple weeks, with an hour or two of use per day. i did have some problems trying to get this thing to pair, it's looks as if there are no buttons, don't worry, it's there. the light is also the button, on the opposite side of the usb charging port, and the audio cable. once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it. then you'll have no problems. i definitely recommend this little transmitter.
this device is pretty simple, plug it in, hold the button to pair and thats pretty much it. it works fine with thejabra bt620s headphonesand does its job well, but my only complaint is that it seems to suffer from some interference every now and then that some of my other bluetooth devices don't.please note well that this is just a minor quibble, and the overall performance is superb. the device comes with a usb-a to usb-mini-b cable (pretty standard) and will charge via any usb port. i get between 8-12 hours of use per charge.note: this will only work with headsets that support the a2dp profile. it does not have a regular mono headset profile.
this little bluetooth transmitter is the berries.  it works with  many products to send your music via bluetooth.  it just works and seems to have great battery life to boot.  drawback is there are no user replaceable batteries.  but since it is new things are golden.  very please with this product.
connects my tv and mp3 player -- perfectly with my motorola s9 stereo bluetooth headphones.
pairs easily with my sony headphones, sounds great, half the price of sony's transmitter -- what more do i need to say?
this could not be much easier to use, it syncs with moto s9 headphones quickly, and the charge (battery) lasts a long time. it is a very small, very light-weight box that can just dangle from an mp3 player (ipod) or be held on with a rubber band.
this item links up easily.  dont make the mistake i did of trying to pair it each time...you dont have to once you have paired it once.  this transmits a true 30 feet.  i'm driving to key west next week and will know how long a charge lasts after that.  nice to finally be able to use my wireless bluetooth stereo headset on any of my sound players..update:  this stopped working after a year...the on/off button is unresponsive now.  it was great while it lasted!!!
connects to my motorola s705, and lets me hear my xm and other music and gps in great sterio quality
isn't perfect -- some comments get cut off and there's a little noise, but for the most part is quite good.  people generally don't realize they are on speakerphone, and it's much better than fumbling with a headset.  the only problem is that my treo 750 turns off the bluetooth when the battery gets low, so i have to make sure to turn it back on, but that's treo's problem.
i have used this speakerphone for about a year now and it is great.  everyone in the car can talk on it including the kids in the back seat.  great loud, clear volume.  the battery lasts for weeks.  easy to set up and use.  just remember to charge it every two or three months.
i tried five wireless blue tooth headsets (plantronic, logitech, samsung, jabra, etc)and none worked very well -- with one issue or another.  some sounded tinney, and all carried lots of road noise.  so the people on the other end always complained.in stepped in the blueant bluetooth which i read about as gadget of the week in barons.  the device works very well. i simply leave it on the magnetic holder provided which rests on the visor. i can hear the caller very clearly.  the device is especially good at boosting the volume level.  so i can turn the volume up and hear even the softest voices while traveling on the highway.  on the other side of the call, the callers tell me that the voice quality is pretty good, with a hint of echo sometimes.  most important, they don't complain about road noise.i leave the device in the car all the time, and recharge it about once a week.  the on-off switch is great.  you flip the microphone down toward you and it is on.  you flip it back flat into the device, and it is off.  so there's never a mystery about whether it is on or off.i highly recommend this device for anyone who uses the cell phone while driving.  keep in mind that this device is essentially a speakerphone in the car.  so everyone in the car will be able to hear the conversation, and everyone in the car is able to speak to the person on the other end of the call.  so anyone who rideshares to commute may have issues with this feature.
i just purchased this device, and use it with a motorola v365 cell phone (at&t). although the quality of the sound may not equal that of your land line phone, or maybe even your cell phone under ideal conditions, it is excellent.  the people with whom i have spoken say that i sound fine, and i am pleased with how they sound. there is absolutely no issue with the volume. based on my experience, i am comfortable saying that for the price,  you will be very happy with the blue ant.
all i could say is wow, this little thing is soooo cool. after receiving my supertooth ii, i removed it from the box, charged it up, paired it to my motorola v3m (u.s. cellular) and i was up and running in 1 minute. believe me when i tell you that i tried nearly all the bluetooth headsets out there, they were either falling off my ear, not loud enough or just yuppy junk. this supertooth ii solved my problem. it's so cool, after an hour i ran back to my computer and ordered another unit for my wife. being a police officer for 25+ years i have noticed an increase in traffic crashes due to distractions within the at fault vehicle. from what i see, cell phone use while driving is becoming a serious problem, i wish i could afford to buy every driver one of these. if your looking for the near perfect bluetooth speaker (nothings perfect), this is the one. if you buy it through amazon and for some strange reason you don't like it, amazon has a super return policy. buy one and drive safe.......
very convenient product to have that allows for easy movement from one vehicle to the next.  the speaker quality is good and the ability to shift the microphone to a different angle is a nice touch.  i gave it 4 stars because it doesn't consistently automatically connect to the lg env phone after pairing the two devices together.  sometimes if i try to make a call via voice dial, it won't activate the phones voice dial feature like it should when i press the answer/end button.  overall the product is a good product, but lg env buyers beware of the inconsistencies.
the blueant worked just as advertised. my wife and i both have them in our cars and have no problems. easy to use and good quality sound.
i bought this for my wife. she says it's best thing i've ever bought for her (so she must like it). i also bought one for my daughter who says she loves it but would like to see a future model with and lcd or led readout of the number she's calling or talking to. otherwise, it's an excellent product and priced right
as other reviews have said, this works quite well as a bluetooth speaker phone. however, the visor clip on mine kept slipping on the visor, resulting in the phone moving around.  when i moved the phone to the other end of the visor, hoping that being closer to the connection to the car instead of a snap that held it in place would result in less vibration and hence less motion, it failed to cover the road noise. i suspect this is more a problem with my car, in that the visor bounces more and is slippery, than with the speakerphone, but it stillwent back.
the voice quality of blueant supertooth ii is better than my factory installed cadillac bluetooth phone. amazingly powerful speakerphone in such a small package. the listeners at the other end, who used to complain of muffled voice from my built in cadillac bluetooth phone, can now hear clearly and sometime have hard time believing that i am calling from handsfree phone. it sticks very securely to the magnetic attachment for the visor. construction is a little bit like cheap chinese products because the metal cover for my on/off switch fell off on the first day. but overall it is a good product and you will be pleased at its performance.update 4/29/2008: the speaker stopped working after a week. blueant said the product is discontinued and they will replace with supertooth light
the sound quality in the car is great.  the callers often complain that they can't understand me despite talking directly into the mic.the thing that makes this unuseable is that it often links to my phone but doesn't actually connect.  i may or may not hear it ringing when i make a call... and, even though i am connected to the device, when the caller answers, we can't hear each other....it isn't really connected.so, this is useless
this is the case my wife uses in her purse since she wants to be able to slide it in and out.  i personally prefer there to be a top cover,  but this works great for her needs.
i'm not sure of the use of this product when using it for the headset it doesn't stay in very well it tends to fallout when walking or running this product must be for storing the device only
the headset carrier is great in the car. i have it clipped to the visor. it keeps my headset in easy reach and not sliding all over the truck. i've used this carrier for two different plantronics headsets, the old voyager 510 and my new voyager hd.  it fits both great. i'd recommend this carrier to anyone who wants to keep track of their plantronics bluetooth.
though the platntronics voyager 510 works quite well, i was terribly disappointed with the accompanying carrying case which cost me an addtional $25! it's simply too small for the headset!
this is a great toy, i love how it fits my earpiece and attaches securly to my purse. i don't have to worry about buttons being pushed while it is in my purse. i love the ability to keep my ear piece safe.
this case is ok, is kind of thigh for the headset, it could be a little bigger and the depending on how you place the headset the microphone or the ear attach part are unprotected because the case doesn't cover the whole headset.
where to begin??well, i ran out and bought a 4gb ms pro duo the first day i got it (1 week ago). now i have: 200+ songs with very nice audio (even the speakerphone), good quality snapshot pics (daytime), full web browser (opera mini), rss reader, emsn messenger, email, 40+ games, google maps (for directions), currency converter, all the stuff that the phone came with originally and i still have a little less than 3 gb left (videos coming soon).  oh, and it's a phone too.  a very good one at that.  no dropped calls so far (005 update with cingular service- miami) and good battery life, especially when you consider that i have been using it quite heavily for the past week.  feels solid too. everything else has already been said.gripes- the volume in the earpiece is a tad low (but much better than my old moto v551), and i haven't figured out how to hear my ringtone while i have the earbuds on (while i listen to music, the music simply stops when i get a call). and about the earbuds- i like them a lot. yes, it does kind of suck that you have to use the adapter (especially when you want to charge at the same time), but i don't see why they would not be portable since the buds and adapter are about the same length and size as a normal pair of earbuds.overall, best phone i have ever owned.
i bought this phone after making a horrible purchase at cingular with their lg320.  terrible phone.i bought the w810 so that i could play music at the gym after my wife started using my ipod.  and this phone worked out perfectly.  after sticking 2gb of memory stick pro duo in to the phone, i was up and running in no time flat.  the phone has really easy to use controls and the music quality was pretty good.the software that sony gives you is also easy to use and easy to setup.  i was easily able to transfer music and files back and forth to the phone.  i loved being able to go out to sony's website and download new themes for the phone as well.i'm sad to say that i had to sell my w810.  i found that travel was too difficult without staying in touch with email.  so i've moved over to a blackjack.  however, i am so sad to not have my little phone around.  i really got attached to it.  it was an awesome little phone and would highly recmmend it.
my t616 brought me to sony ericsson; my s710a almost drove me away. i decided to give sony ericsson (se) another chance with the w810.should be an awesome phone, right? good-looking and well-built. quad-band and edge. walkman player and 2 mp auto-focus camera. that great se interface, made even better and now lacking the infamous sluggishness of past phones. and as always, one of the best bluetooth implementations available.and yet... my first phone died within 12 hours of using it; first power-cycle resulted in a flashing white screen. the replacement phone from se's service center was shipped in a partially disassembled state. the replacement for *that* phone was fine for two months, but now has a fastport that's going bad (wired stereo headsets - and i've tried a few - don't work properly any more). this phone will be going back as well, but what am i going to get in exchange now?i give the phone itself 4 stars, (my increasing concerns over its) build quality 3 stars, and se's lousy service and support 2 stars. that averages out to the 3-star rating i've given above.
my previous phone was a nokia 6600. it had a slow interface for 2006 and come on, i wanted to try somethingn new.initially, i had planned on exploring my chances of buying a treo but due to the rates, i gave up my plan. without much pondering, i went and purchased a sony ericsson w810i. now, it's been four weeks. let me just give you a brief run thru of features, pros and cons.features1. this phone is an mp3 player. this phone is a torch/semi flash light(with an sos signal that can be configured). this phone has flash capability and further doubles up into a digital camera. overall, it saves a lot of space to use this phone instead of just going out with a standalone mp3 player or/and a digital camera2. the interface is fast. it takes around 8 seconds to get an auto focus and click a picture using the camera. i'll try and explain - to come out of the screensaver you need half a second, to activate camera using the shortcut it takes 3 seconds, a further 2 seconds for auto focus and an additional 1 second to click you picture. overall,8 seconds to click one image.you can browse thru pictures very quickly. it's around 7 times faster than my nokia. images can be clicked in sepia, black and white, solarise(kinda yellowey), negative and normal modes. brightness can be reduced within the click of a button. i noticed grains on images of larger size. i don't recommend using the flash camera unless you really must. plus while clicking a video, the light goes on and off, if the flash light is turned on.3. the build quality on the phone is both good and bad. i love the keypad and it is a major improvement from the 800i and sundry walkman phones. it took me three days to get used to the keypad. the dictionary like function on the phone keeps a track of all the words you spell. so they're definitely there the next time around. the front of the phone seems to appear too plastic. especially the silver scroll keys and sometimes can make your phone look like a dummy piece. the sound speakers are situated on the backside of the phone and can be used conveniently even when the phone is upside down. you can insert your memory stick pro cards even when the phone is switched on. there is no camera shutter like the previous installment of this phone (800i) the power button is placed most effectively just like the volume buttons on the right side of the phone which can be used for a host number of features.4. the internal memory of this phone is 22mb and the accompanied card contains 512mb worth of memory. the usable memory,however, is only 431mb. upon connecting to the pc, both are instantly recognized and act as removable drives on the "my computer" icon. the accompanied software is almost brilliant. i loved "disc2phone" and there is so much more i keep discovering about the other programs. despite lacking an english manual, i found i didnt need one because i don't know too many people who would buy a sony ericsson phone and not be techies in their own rights who like to configure things on their own.5. the bundled earphones are sublime. i cannot beleive the sound on these. they cancel all the noises in a room and it's a pleasure listening to beethoven playing away or enya's mesmerising voice or even tool's prog metal for that matter. the speakers are satisfactory and could have been louder. if used as a stand alone mp3 player with earphones, the phone would stand for around 6-7 hours.playing the music without using earphones can eat up battery depending on the volumes of course. it supports m4a, mp3 and aac formats(and a few other formats)6. the messages memory of the phone is limited to around 150+ messages and that is a big blunder. despite having a 512mb of external storage the phone cannot accommodate a mere 200 messages. the size of notes is limited and you need to make a second note to carry on. bluetooth transfers to samsung,nokia phones runs at 20kbps while it's a consistent 40kbps for sony ericsson phones. very good for transferring media.pros- it can be called an ipod replacement. i don't use mine quarter as much as i used to. this is owing to the absolutely brilliant earphones that sit within your ear and help you celebrate your time.- i love how the phone slides into a digital camera. good build quality for the particular feature.- good standby, saves battery, easy to work with 50% brightness. even when i reduce brightness from 100% to 50% (lowest possible) there is hardly any noticeable difference on the screen. the keypad is much lighter but that's hardly noticeable.- fast processor, super graphics and wallpaper options, includes a good browser, calendar, good default themes- the accompanied torch can be used to change a flat tire and can be switched on for 25mins even when the remaining battery is only 15%. (tried and tested)- good keypad(key feature), good playlist configuring options- excellent software for the phone, mp3s can transferred at variable bit-rates without taking too long- excellent,fast log, the phones keeps track off the last ten numbers you've messaged and keeps them around for easy usage- it's easy to store numbers cause the phone prompts to save numbers when a call from an unknown number ends- great handsfree- there is a memory stick converter (the longer ones used in cameras) and that is a handy thing- the macro mode helps in copying handwritten/type written documents using the cameracons- too plastic, looks a bit boring too soon, screen can be scratched if no touchscreen is present- the accompanied tones for messages is sad, the message memory is very limite (big demerit) and the size of a note is limited- call quality is not as good as can be- sometimes it takes over a minute for the phone to recognize it has been plugged into a usb slot- the accompanied fm radio needs to be in place to avoid screechiness in sound and proper volume- even though the phone provides 512mb worth of external memory, only 431mb is useable. ideally, i'd have liked a one gig card so i could have doubled on my usage.- not enough upgradations over the w800i. people can settle for that phone because it has a slightly better talk life- it has no english manual- noticeable grains on 2megapixel imagesconclusion,all though i am very happy with this phone, i cant help but throw a fit over the limited message storage, you can save messages onto your pc but come on, who's gonna do that?buy this phone if you like what you read. not enough reasons to upgrade for 800i owners. but this phone has more appeal than 800i and has better more smooth graphics. there is a much better display and there is an improvement of 25% which i just noticed.however, unlike the 550i , there are no three way speakers and that makes "stereo widening" impossible.overall rating - 7/10very little to complain about,reallygood luck,fellow techies
i've owned this phone for 18 months, the first 15 months with t-mobile and the past 3 months with at&t.; reception has been great with at&t.; with t-mobile, reception was good. for data, i use the operamini 4 web browser with at&t;'s unlimited medianet and it is extremely fast and reliable. i can access almost all web sites. with t-mobile web, service was mediocre, up and down. but that was not the fault of the phone, but the provider. this phone has it all except for 3g and support for bluetooth stereo headsets. music quality is great if you do not mind using the included wired headset.the camera is ok and takes decent pictures. but i would not buy this phone for the camera. the phone is very simple and intuitive to use. you can go on sony ericsson's web site and get whatever settings you need to suit the services you want your carrier to perform. i was only interested in the wap settings to surf the internet and se sent that to my phone via sms in a few seconds.if you want a reliable phone for data and voice, you should consider this phone. battery life is excellent. i charge it almost every night for 2 hours because i leave the operamini 4 browser on almost always since i am a very heavy data user.
screen is absolutely beautiful, charging either by car jack or wall takes only minutes to get a full charge that lasts days.  quickdial, camera, online button, voicedialing all great.  antenna is excellent, but not perfect.  walkman is good, but could use a little more human factors work.  small as it is, the speaker and microphone is phenomenal and cuts through noise very well.  adding google maps and yahoo! mail to the phone and it's a multimedia powerhouse that plays music and keeps you up to date.  excellent bang for the buck.
i purchased the phone in white and flashed using davinciteam to hong kong versionthe screen is pretty bright, but it has a major problem: you can't view it without backlight, that you can't see the clock when the phone is idle (like old t610/t616. the standby gif has pretty fast motion, most of the themes for 176x220 se models will work, except some themes for z710i, shows file corrupt errorreception is good, it's like z710isome complains about the earpiece volume problem, but i don't have such, loud enough even on the 7 bars, speakerphone is louder than z710ithe keypad is too small, it's small like sda/sp5m, it may bring hard time for big thumb, and it's easy to press return and clear buttons by accidentthe audio player is easy and clear to control, though it don't support ogg vorbis, you can encode mp3 in vbr mode to get enhanced audio qualitythe fonts is kinda small, unlike z710i, which has updated os, the clock font size cannot be changedbt support is regular se style (with a lot of profiles), but z710i also has wireless headphones and bt network serverthe cam is good for 2mpx, it has auto-focus and macro mode, that i can take pic in near distance, but the pic has some noticeable color pixels on white background, it has led light, which also can be used as flashlight, that is handy in the darkinternet is fine, tethering through either bt or usb works well with pda and laptop, the browser is good toothough it doesn't support bt wireless headphones, the included headset has 3.5mm jack on the mic unit, that you can use your favorite headphones/earphones with the phonebattery time is good for regular use, if you leave the phone idle all the time, the battery can last at least 3 days, or continuous 3.5 hours modem usepros:good audio player, supports psp cardfm radio has good reception, and supports rdsgood phone receptionfull functional btgood cam with auto-focuslong battery timecons:lcd is dark when idle, unable to show clocksmall keypads, that brings problem with big thumbcam does not have protective cover, like w800 and k790no dedicated t-zones (internet) button, and unable to assign one (you can assign web button, that opens sonyericsson offline home page, not online portal)streaming audio is limited to 3gp, no local ogg vorbis supportconclusion: 91/100, if you can live with small buttons, you should be fine
have no probs with this cahrger till date but the phone screen went blank and dont know why. i can't see who calls neither can i dial cos its a touch screen. had to ger a blackberry fone.
thought i was going to get a cheap replacement (not the one pictured).  this was the same nokia charger (ac-4u) that came with my n800.  the only difference is that it did not come with the velcro strap.
i bought one of these for a back-up charger. does the job.i prefer my tiny nokia ca-100 usb charger though and use it the most.works nice with my nokia n95-3 phone and nokia 800 internet tablet.
purchased this charger to replace a broken e71 charger.  works correctly.  unbeatable price.  nokia ac-4u is the charger model number.  i would pay twice as much for it.  great stuff.
i like this original nokia charger..very cheap but shipping is more expensive than the original price.
don't buy this adapter!!  the picture shown is not what you will receive, the picture shows a genuine nokia adapter but what you get is a cheap piece of crap that doesn't even have the same specifications as the nokia adapter. so if you don't want to fry your device, don't buy this.
i have had the q for about 3 weeks now and have played with it, installed apps on it, modified the home screen, read tons of reviews and forums on it and bought a screen protector for it.all in all, its a great smart phone with a few improvements to be made on it.- the media player is choppy at times and i will have to assume that this is a bug.- the system itself is a little slower than i would like but bearable.- the plastic casing just plain sucks. i will assume that plastic was chosen to ensure the light weight, however, i think aluminum is the way to go and is much more sturdy.  for example the razr.- battery life is something of a challenge.  even the extended battery will only give you about 12-14 hours with moderate use.other than what i listed above, the phone is great and i am still fairly happy with the phone.tip - try to find any defects with your phone within the first 15 days.  after that, vzw will give you a refurbished phone if you bring it in after 15 days.
i have read a lot of the reviews and spoken to a number of current owners of the motorola q. i have also owned and used blackberries, treo's, lg phones including the lg vx9800 and the motorola razor. i picked one up this week and here are my initial impressions.the phone layout and design are excellent. compared to other devices like the blackberry and treo, the keys are in a much better location (about  up from the bottom end of the phone) making it much less stressful on the thumbs to type. the keys functions are very similar to a blackberry. takes a little bit of getting use to but learn very quickly.active sync, which it comes with, is a breeze to set-up and start syncing. works great with outlook. i also have set-up my device to pull down emails from my gmail account. i read one review that said everything was being doubled when transferring. no so here. works like a charm and very fast. internet connections are much faster that on my blackberry, which my work has supplied me.the battery is another item that people tend to give bad reviews on. that may be why verizon is currently offering a 60 dollar battery for 19 dollars. supposedly the extended battery will give double the time which as i understand it from other users is about 2 days.one of the big issues that people are focusing on in these reviews is the processing speed and how it is affected by having multiple applications open and the hassle of closing them once you are done with them. first, the motorola is like any computer....having multiple applications open and running all at once will kill the processing speed of computer. second, to close the programs is much easier than represented in these reviews. just go to your home page and click on the top smart icons task manager and "kill all" tasks running.so far very happy with my decision.update: 6/12/06after a week of using my q, i am still pleased with my decision.  i continue to monitor the other reviews and what i find interesting is the fact that many people focus on items that are very nit picky, i.e. the screen is slightly off center.  interesting...i didn't even notice until that person pointed it out.  what is also interesting is that people tend to want a device that does everything exceptionally well (pda, phone, etc).  i would agree that that would be the ideal but i am happy with a device that does everything good.  each person has their own preferences and what you really need to keep in mind is what you need the device to do.  i just need a device that syncs with my home computer (outlook), can send text and picture messages, syncs with my email via the web and provides me occasional access to the internet.  the q does all that and more.update 6/16/06ok.  i have returned my phone(s) yes, plural!!  let me explain why.the first phone had an issue with it's bluetooth functionality/transmitter.  i returned it and exchanged for another motorola q.my second phone i had for one day before it completely died and nothing i or tech support could do would allow it to be restarted.motorola has some serious issues to overcome with their quality assurance program.when i was on the phone with verizon tech support i asked them which device/smartphone they recieved the least number of calls on...they said the treo 700w.  as such, i return my motorola q and purchased the 700w.  wow, what a difference!  the treo is much faster and much easier to use.  i would downgrade my rating but unfortunately once the stars are choosen in amazon's rating system they cannot be changed.
i want to warn it professionals that verizon wireless phone data email service is inappropriately spoofing sender's email address in messages sent from motorola q. this is creating problems with our anti-spam filters and i also believe this is unethical and should be illegal. we recommend against buying phones with this data/email service in our organization.when we configure our imap server option for the motorola q phone owned by one of our executives, the verizon system is "spoofing" the email address as if the messages are being sent from our email server. these external but spoofed as internal messages get blocked by our anti-spam filters.when we wanted to try to "white list" (unblock) the verizon servers on our anti-spam server, their technical support and verizon representatives refused to give us the ip addresses of the servers from which email messages are being sent. this was probably refused by their network administrators for security concerns and i don't blame them for this. i'm sure they will agree with me that the problem should be instead resolved within verizon's system software solution.instead of spoofing a desired email address, messages coming from verizon phones should have a distinct "from" and "reply-to" addresses, with the first being any external verizon wireless address, and the latter being the customer's desired and commonly used email address. the two must differ and only then the messages will not end up as spam because the sender won't be spoofed.although q seems like a good device, we advise against purchase and don't support their email integration in our organization until verizon wireless makes both "from" and "reply-to" fields configurable. small shops with microsoft exchange and loose anti-spam settings probably won't have problems like this.
having previously owned the lg vx9800 (one of the best phones ever made) for nearly a year, i was hesitant at first to switch over to a pda/smartphone format...but i'm glad i finally did.  the motorola q is a must-have for anyone who needs both internet access and pda productivity features wherever they go.  most pda phones are bulky and quite clumsy for the task of conversing without the aid of a headset.  this phone, however, is short and slim enough to make that problem negligible.  it fits in an ordinary shirt or pants pocket with plenty of room to spare.  the speakerphone is of good quality, so if you don't have a headset and don't like pressing a pda to your face, phone conversations still come through very clear.  windows mobile 5.0 has many useful features, but accessing them can be somewhat tedious work at times.  the keys are very tiny and i was disappointed that the q doesn't have dedicated number keys, unlike the vx9800.  also, the plastic cover on the mini-sd slot is hard to remove and practically requires a pair of small tweezers just to open.  those are my main gripes about the phone, but overall the positives outnumber the negatives.  the camera takes decent pictures and the side scroll wheel comes in very handy for navigating around the screen.  speaking of the screen, its very bright and crisp...though using it in direct sunlight may prove a little challenging.  as i stated at the beginning, the internet features are oustanding.  i have verizon's unlimited data plan and despite the fact evdo is not yet available where i live, i can still stream radio stations flawlessly over the built-in windows media player.  in fact, the q multi-tasks like a champion: one time i was listening to a streaming audio feed, surfing the internet, and sending a text message all at the same time without a trace of hesitation from the cpu.  non-internet applications like pocket streets and trips also run smoothly.  with a gadget like the q, laptops are suddenly looking more and more like desktops.
i will be reluctantly getting my 3rd q (replacement). i've only had this 2nd one for maybe 2 months. it would freeze constantly during the past 2 months forcing me to remove the battery for a restart. now i have the dreaded black screen of death with "motorola flash mode bootloader version: boot_c_03.08.00r_mpap". anytime bloggers start naming how your phone dies its a very bad sign!
i've been using it for about a month.  got it on amazon, the prices simply cannot be beat.  this phone is $170 in cingular stores!i like it so far and if i could give it 4.5 stars, i would.  here're my impressions:1.  it's tiny.  normally, i like small but the dial pad is so small that i can barely press the keys and i've small fingers!  if you have large hands or long fingernails you simply won't be able to use this phone.2.  the sound quality is not so great.  it's not loud enough, even on the loudest setting.3.  the firmware has a few non-intuitive things.  for example, when you press & hold a button for fast dial, it'll beep & say, "no number associated with this speed dial." but it won't say how to associate it.  nor will it take you to the phone book.  it's probably in the manual but in this day & age i shouldn't have to read the manual to figure out how to use my phone.4.  there are no games that come with it.  you get 2 demos of crappy games that let you play for 5 mins only.  terrible.5.  bluetooth works great.  paired it with my car's handsfree link w/o problems.6.  you can't reprogram the center button, always takes you to cingular's website which costs you $$$.  bad idea.  you can, however, reprogram the joystick.overwall, i'm happy with the phone and it's very stylish & sexy looking.  i would recommend it to friends but watch out for things above.
nice slider phone, wanted a change from the bricks and flip phones.  bluetooth is great, and the samsung pc suite (free download from samsung) lets you edit your contacts, upload ringtones, and just about anything else you want to do.  battery life is great, about one week between charges.  the speaker is not the greatest quality, so a headset is recommended.  cingular did not bundle a headset, so that's extra.  interface is intuitive and functions are easy to figure out.  speakerphone sound quality is only marginal.the main selling point of the phone is its sliding and its thinness.  other than that, it's basically like all other gsm phones.  there are cheaper flip phones that can also do video.i would have given this phone five stars if the sound quality was better.
samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color lcd. this is probably one of the best slider phones on the market. the only complaint that i have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers, then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons. sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception. speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened. overall, an excellent entry into the slider phone market by samsung in a compact package.
this is the phone cingular insurance replaced my sony ericsson w600i phone with.  supposedly if they can't give you the same phone (which they couldn't because the w600i has been discontinued) they're supposed to replace it with something comparable.  there's about a $150 price difference between these two phones so i'm not sure how they figure these two are comparable but oh well.cons: the speaker is way too quiet, the proprietary data cable is not included, the clear button is too close to the down arrow, and turning the volume up or down is annoying because it rings. i also have a glitch in my phone where it sometimes rings for no reason after adjusting the volume and the only way to get it to stop is to power off the phone.pros: looks cool, slide function is fun, easy to use, stays locked, large display, lightweight, and slim.bottom line:  would i buy it?  no.
this phone does every thing i could want from a phone. it even makes calls ;-)  the camera takes a very nice picture and video, and the large display shows it very clearly. you can make your own ring tones from mp3s, though limited in size, its enough for a good long ring. (it would go to voice mail before the song would repeat.) the mp3 player is cheesy, but it plays them just fine (no higher than 192 bit rate) once i added a 1 gig microsd, i was able to convert my music videos and even some full length divx'd movies to the phone. (use super, it is a must for awesome free video and audio conversion (not a plug, just the truth)) the blue tooth works great, and combined with the free samsung edit software, you have full control over phone content from your pc. the design is very sleek, and fits into a pocket with ease. i could go on and on.. i liked it so much i got a second one for the wife.the but....the ear piece volume is very low. the max setting is 5. it really needs to go to 10. the only other "whine" i'd have is if your not careful while sliding it open to take a call, you can easily tap the 'end call' button and send it strait to voice mail.the pros really out weigh the cons by far, i'd get more of these at the under 80 usd price should i need them :)
so i'm pseudo-techno-geek. i love the tech, but ultimately give into the practicality.  that said, i needed a new phone for work and the geek in me immediately was drawn to a myriad of phones that had good gadgets (mp3, camera/video playback, bluetooth, etc..). the more i looked, the more i had to prioritize my needs.  i wanted a phone that had good clear connections and had man-buttons!pros:-good sized, easy to use buttons-average call quality-average menu setup-includes 1.3 mp cam/video-ability to onboard video to the camera...but if this is important, go with a 240x320 display phone (like the cingular 2125). res is too low on this phone to be pleasing to the eye.-limited bluetooth (can't move files)-can play music-external speakerscons-need to do 'special code' to activate use of mp3's.-poor music file management and access.-can't use speaker phone while it's flipped close...ever.-video quality is poor.-limited bluetooth (can't move files)over all i'm very happy with amazon's excellent pricing and service in getting this phone to me. verizon's service so far has been solid. the phone is just about everything i expected, but i'll probably upgrade in a year something jazzier.[...]
after getting myself a new vx8700, i picked up a new vx8300 for my girlfriend. the vx8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone verizon offers, but it seems to be one of their best performers. sound quality, speakerphone, rf, and battery life all seem very good. the camera takes decent pictures. it has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too. with a new contract, you can get it for $50 or less. at this price, i give it 5 stars.
the lg vx8300 is the latest offering in the market for do-(almost)-it-all cell phones.  it combines all of the standard phone functionality with music and video playback and phone, making it a media powerhouse considering that it's such a portable, affordable package.  the next step up would be a smartphone, but at significant extra cost for the addition of more well-rounded pda functions.the phonethe first thing you'll notice about the 8300 is that it's a great-looking piece of tech - stylish and modern yet also subdued enough that it won't embarrass you in business settings.  some pictures make it look black, but it is actually a deep metallic pewter color.  it's roughly the same size (3.5 x 1.9 x 0.9) as lg's other recent clamshell phones, although a little slimmer for easier pocketing.  it feels solid but not heavy at 3.9 oz with the standard battery.  the plastic case feels softer than prior models, so it may be more susceptible to scratches and scrapes over time.  there is a leather case for it, but i doubt you could bear the idea of covering up this good-looking unit.the 8300 runs on verizon's cdma all-digital network, so coverage may be an issue if you live in rural areas.  i've been a verizon customer for years with lg digitals and never run into any dead spots around town and while traveling, but check verizon's coverage maps on their website beforehand.voice clarity is superb, both for you and for the person you're calling.  the 8300 has speakerphone capability, but amplified through the external audio speakers, it tends to be so loud that it may distort - set your volume appropriately low.the phone has a wide array of conveniences, including numerous handy voice-activated commands (send messages, check voice mail, look up contact, examine wireless account, etc.), one-touch calling, unique rings and photo ids for different contacts, an address book with room for 500 contacts, and so on.  i'm a huge proponent of the voice-activated commands, and while the 8300 is very easy to set up, the long-term downside is that instead of matching up your command with your own prerecorded voice as prior models did, this phone tries to actually phonetically "read" entries from your contacts list and find a match that way.  so, if you have unusually-spelled names with silent letters in your contacts list, the 8300 will have a tough time making a match.  plus, when it repeats the name back to you, it generally mangles the pronunciation, making that form of caller id undesirable.  it's too bad that the contacts list doesn't have a separate "nickname" field so that you could accurately store the contact as say, "mike krzyzewski" but have the voice-activated commands look the entry up as "coach", for example.if you're obsessive about ringtones, then you'll be disappointed with the default offerings.  they play back with great quality, but they're pretty boring.  verizon clearly wants you to go to their getitnow service to purchase the latest and flashiest ringtones.  it's not documented in the manual, but it is possible to use mp3s loaded into the phone as ringtones.the phone supports bluetooth v.1.1, which makes it easily compatible with many wireless devices like headsets/earpieces.  you can also use this to wirelessly transmit and receive contact information with other bluetooth devices.the camerai bought my first digital camera about five years ago - a 1.3 megapixel olympus for about $350.  now, for a fraction of the price and space, the 8300 delivers that same picture quality.  it's also got additional features that make the results actually worth viewing/printing, including flash, white balancing for a variety of lighting conditions (no more washed out or oddly-tinted phone pics), a four-position digital zoom, and night mode.  there are also some capabilities for having fun with your photos such as special effects (negative, posterize, etc.), self-portrait capability using the external screen as a viewfinder, and a timer.  you can take pictures from 160x120 thumbnails all the way up to print-quality 1280x960.the camera can also take videos, although the quality is predictably choppy and the largest clip that can be sent via email is only 15 seconds.  like any of the phone's media, larger clips can be stored to the phone's internal memory or onto an optional microsd card and then copied to another device or pc.photos taken can be used as contact ids or wallpaper on either the external or main screen.  both screens are breathtaking in their brightness, clarity and resolution.  they never fail to register the initial jaw-dropping compliment when someone sees the phone for the first time.music playeryou can't really say mp3 player because the 8300 wants to only play files in microsoft's .wma format.  this is because verizon wants you to use their vcast online music store.  i purchased the music essential pack with my phone and was sorely disappointed in this - the vcast software wouldn't load (it kept trying to roll me back to windows media player 10 even though i'm on 11), the usb cable kept losing connection (crummy driver software), and the headphones were just so-so.  i recommend instead investing in a big microsd card and using it to store and transfer all of your music, photos and videos.  this is clearly the easiest way to load information back and forth between the phone, although verizon won't tell you that since it cuts their overpriced music store out of the loop.  and if you do prefer mp3s for playback, the 8300 may not be configured out of the box to play them, but it's a simple change to make - just search the web for instructions.the sound for playback is very good, again considering that it's not a dedicated music device.  the external stereo speakers are on either side of the clamshell hinge and they pump out a lot of sound for their size.  the 8300 has a very good ergonomic feature in the form of player control buttons (play/pause, fast forward, rewind) on the outside face of the phone.  so, you can keep it in the palm of your hand rather than flipped open while listening.business/productivitythe 8300 comes with the standard roster of business apps dumbed down for cell phone usage:  calendar, world clock, calculator with tip macros, etc.  at this time, i haven't found an easy way to sync data back and forth with any desktop apps like outlook or notes.  there are open source apps on the web like bitpim that can do this, but the 8300 is currently too new for that software to handle.  that gap should be remedied soon.verizon offers wireless broadband via an ev-do network that includes most major metropolitan areas and airports.one exceptional add-on that verizon offers is vz navigator, which turns the 8300 into a gps-driven navigation device.  you can purchase the add-on either monthly if you do a lot of traveling by car or even day-to-day if you're just taking a short trip.  it works well, looks great, and really boosts the usefulness of this unit.conclusionthe lg vx8300 combines a great phone, a camera that's actually useful and some pretty cool media capabilities into one compact unit.  there are of course some trade-offs for each, but the convenience of only having to carry one slim item in your pocket is invaluable.  it really is a marvel for the price.pros* a very clear phone with many convenient features like voice-activated commands.* a 1.3 megapixel camera capable of taking pictures you'd actually have printed thanks to 1280x960 resolution, flash, and color effects.* a good-sounding music player that, when combined with your own library on an optional microsd card, puts hours of entertainment in your pocket.* bluetooth capability for wireless add-ons and communication with other devices.cons* incompatible with existing accessories - get ready to buy new chargers, sync cables, etc.* vcast music store is overpriced and not easy to set up (just get a microsd card and use it to store/transfer media instead - no problem).* initial selection of ringtones is pretty dull - another attempt by verizon to squeeze extra charges out of you.* some of the external buttons are awkwardly sized and/or placed - people with larger hands may cramp up after prolonged periods of use.
feb. 6, 2012: i can't believe i've had this phone 5 years, but i have, and it still works and, more amazingly, it6's still working on the original battery - not that i can guarantee that you'll have the same results.i said originally that i use it to make calls, and that's what i do today. only today, it's hooked up to my bluetooth in the car, and it stays in its little cubbyhole and doesn't see the light of day except for its weekly charge. it's really too much trouble to take it off bluetooth, so we do all our calling from the car, and even that's not much. our kids all all back in this state and within an hour of us, and chatting doesn't seem to be anyone's style nowadays. it's not a smart phone, but we're smart people: we now prepay for a year and, although we ended up with 120 hours per phone (my wife has the same one), we're also running $500 less than when we paid monthly. and verizon has even gotten better. i haven't found a dead spot in this mountainous area except for sequoia national park where i didn't want to talk to anyone anyway.still think it's a great phone, and if you absolutely must, you can get on the internet and you can take a snapshot. unfortunately, that will cost you extra.****i have owned cell phones since the time of "the brick," and 10 models in between. now that coverage is excellent in most of the country (mountains are still a problem in this neck of the woods), if you want a phone to make phone calls, this is probably a little better than most. it is certainly more durable than the razr.the pluses: good reception for the most part; great speaker phone (better than my wired office phones); good display.the minuses: the handbook that comes with it is 37 pages long. anything after page 4 costs money. send out five high res pictures, and you run into real money. and it may be an mp3 player of sorts, but at $2 a song, i'll stick with my iriver or ipod.the long and short of it. after looking for a year for a phone that just made phone calls, this is what we chose. i don't need the camera, but now you have no choice. with special incentives from verizon - probably because we've been with them for 3 years - the total cost was the retail tax for two phones. everything else was a mail in or instant rebate.four stars because it's a fairly good phone, and i've given up on persuading anyone under 50 that they still need a wired phone especially when you want to talk to more than one person at a time. yeah, the speaker phone is great, but so sensitive that it'll pick up ambient noise so that i can hear people who are 15 feet away from it.
used phone for one bill cycle and works just fine activation was quick and easy phone has minor color fade mark and some scratches on the screen but over all phone works  very well and i am happy this was my first used purchased i usally buy new but since they no longer sell this phone new is really not an option i am very satisfied i got what i paid for.note the phone is not factory reset so numbers,photos,media and call history were still in the device so i had verizon clear it and reset it due to a lock placed on the security settings recommend factory reset before selling any product just so theirs no issue on privicy
phone experience:its light and sleek and does perform very well as basic phone, charge every 2 days not 2 times a day as i use to do with smartphone.this phone's interfaces are so old that looks like i am using those old bulky nokia phones specially switching from smart-phone. this is slow and very limited capabilities. krzr seems to have lot better interfaces.verizon experience:at least i am not getting that many dropped calls as it was with cingular. its much better reception.some things that i encountered so far are: verizon charges you for 1 month advance monthly access fee, so your first month with activation will cost $250-300 excluding phone cost. next, they charged me $15 because i ported my old number, in past i received this service free with t-mobile and cingular.customer service is not friendly at all.amazon experience:the sad part of my story starts when i received this phone.i opened the box and it looked like used phone, with dust inside plastic protector and edges coming off and scratches where mini-sd card goes. i thought its not a big deal so i called verizon, they came up with resolution after couple calls and hold time that goto store for a free replacement. i went to store, the lady kept trying but nothing happened then a answer that oh may be because you bought phone from amazon and their customer service should take of this.ha, who don't know on this earth that amazon don't care for customer satisfaction at all. there is no one who can help you. after few emails i lost hopes and now stuck with this phone.now i think i shouldn't have bought it from here, if it was thru verizon at least i can get new phone.my 2 cents don't buy from here, its worth buying from verizon directly in long term.
the razr may have been out awhile but it has alot of under the hood improvements in different versions and is still a great phone.  slim, well made with a great feel.  verizon has the best customer service and  signal access of any carrier i have ever had and i have had all of them.
i just upgraded to this motorola razr.  like most of you, when this came out i really, really wanted one, but they were just too pricey. now the price is within reason, so i went for it and extended my plan.i'm not sure what all the complaints are about. the phone is very thin and once in your pocket you hardly know it's there, and the lack of an external antenna makes it much easier to get out of your pocket. it has a nice feel to it and is wide enough so it doesn't feel like a toy.  i have very small hands and have little trouble working everything with one hand. the "flat" buttons don't bother me, but i wish the ok button in the middle of the toggle ring was raised up just a bit.  i find myself using my thumbnail to press it.i'm having no trouble with hearing people, and the ringers are just loud enough for me.  the complaint about several button being located on the flip up cover are not a real problem.  if they were on the lower part of the phone you would be pressing them all the time.yes, the screen is difficult to see in bright daylight, but aren't they all, including most cameras and pda's.the voice activation feature worked right away, after installing some contacts, and made few mistakes.i also got the gps maps feature and the web option.  i have not had a chance to really test the gps, but it did locate my position within a house or two.  the web option seems to work very well and i was able to get lots of info quite easily and rather quickly.i did spend some time with verizon on the phone to learn how to activate these features and learn how to use them, but i've always found verizon service to be excellent, and the person stayed with me until i had all the features down.i was told that the razr has gone through some software changes and unlike the stories i've heard, the top does not feel like it's going to fly off the phone across the room. it feels really solid considering how thin it is.i would say if you've been waiting now is the time. it looks like they've gotten some of the bugs out of the phone, and while it does take awhile to get over the learning curve, for any advance features, i really like this phone a lot.is it perfect?  not at all, but it is extremely popular, and it's been around long enough so you can find just about anything for this phone on the net.i would have given it 5 stars, but it's just confusing enough learning how to use it i had to give it 4.also, like others have said:  if you want a decent camera get a decent camera.  if you want a decent pda get a decent pda.  if you want an ipod get an ipod. this is a very good phone with lots of extra features, but it's not perfect.  personally, i don't think the perfect phone exists -- yet.
i don't really care about the multimedia features--when i want music, i use my ipod shuffle and when i want pictures, i use a digital camera--so i'll focus on the device as a phone rather than a music/video player or camera.pros--the looks and size, of course. i don't like carrying a wireless on a belt clip so love to slip this baby in my shirt pocket--nice, easy-to-read screen. i wouldn't want to watch tv on it, but that isn't why i buy a wireless phone.--vz navigator. this was what inspired me to switch from cingular. it is a fantastic feature. i've tested it about ten times and it has been spot on, with accurate on-screen prompts, voice instructions, and estimated time of arrival. it turns me right into the driveway i need.  if you miss a turn, it recalculates new instructions in a matter of seconds.  the only down side is that it works from the quickest route and has no way for you to override that.  for instance, i went to friend's house and it had me get on a toll road for a few miles.  this was the shortest route, but not one i would normally have taken.--voice recognition system works great. it doesn't have to be "taught" and can access all items in the contact list, prepare a blank text message, or dial a dictated number--clearest calls i've had in a wireless phone.  you sometimes hear "the people i'm talking to can't tell i'm on a wireless."  that's been my experience with this handset.cons--strength of reception not quite as good as a handset with an external antenna, even a stubby one.--i wish they hadn't taken away the vibrate+ring option.  the razr has to be either on vibrate with no sound or ring.  i also wish there was some sort of external led to indicate when i missed a call or have voice mail.  as is, you have to open the razr to check this.  an nec handset i had a few years ago had very nice system with different color leds.--verizon's proprietary menu system is more difficult to use than the organic motorola one and takes away some customization options such as setting hot keys. i also haven't found a way to turn off unnecessary prompts ("do you really want to delete this missed call?").  there is also no way (at least that i have found) to change the red band at the top and bottom of the screen. it only looks decent with some sort of red wallpaper.--verizon has the phone locked down so it's difficult or impossible to add pictures and ringtones without paying them.--it's plastic (the amazon review is just plain wrong on this point). i wish there was still the option of buying a metal razr like the first generation ones. i would have paid extra for it.  like all phones, i'm sure it will scratch with use and be more susceptible to breaking.--i could not synchronize the built in calendar with outlook.  i subscribed to a separate calendar synchronization program from verizon (idatebook) which works well but creates a separate calendar rather than using the built in one.--the razr uses brew for applications so there are fewer available than in java.  i particularly miss world mate for international travel (especially the currency converter) and a shopping list application.--it's cmda only so for for international travel, i've had to unlock an old handset and will just buy prepaid simsall in all, though, the v3m may be my favorite wireless handset of the seven i've owned over the years.
overall this is a bad phone. the main reason i purchased it was because it's very thin and has no antenna. the reception is good and voices come in clear both ways. this is where the positives stop. the worst aspect of the phone is the poor battery life. i have even disabled evdo so it won't switch between it and 1x when moving around town (which drains the battery).the verizon software makes the phone useless. you cannot have the phone ring and vibrate at the same time, you cannot change the horrible wallpaper on the front lcd, and you cannot change the color scheme from red. verizon has also disabled the use of motorola phone tool, which enables you to put your own ringtones and media on the phone. you are forced to purchase media from the vcast service. even if you wouldn't normally use media on your phone, you should object to this because of principal. it's corporate greed at its finest and verizon is preventing you from using the full capabilities of your purchase.it does have a decent camera, but it's functionality is limited. it takes video clips, but nothing over 15 seconds. there are sites that tell you how to hack the phone, but it's not worth the time and risk of ruining the phone.the pluses: very thin, no antenna, sleek designcons: horrible user interface, very few options to change the appearance, many of the phone's functionality has been disabled by verizonconclusion: buy something else. i succumbed to the hype of the razr, but was burned. if it weren't for verizon, the phone would be fine.
the main reason we got this headset is for my girlfriend, who has fairly tiny ears. most headsets fall off, while this one stays on quite well comparatively. the audio quality, while not the greatest, gets the job done.
pros: price ($5), great sound - both easy to hear me and those speaking to me, small, reliable thus far despite 10 or 15 drops/falls/etc.cons: must charge in the provided "charger case", does not easily work with two phones (though i have a fairly simple workaround now), terrible ear attachment (that breaks when you take it off to charge the headset)for the paid price of $5 (assuming my rebate shows up), this was a steal.  for me to give this 4 stars, honestly i have had to use two workarounds:1)  i replaced the terrible ear attachment loop with a jabra ear gel i have left from an old headset.  it works much much better than the samsung provided ear loop.  i have already broken both ear loops provided with the headset because you have to take them on and off to charge it.  dumb design.2)  i activate pairing on the device each time i want to switch from my work blackberry to my personal palm phone.  it's a bit annoying, but for $5 its quite doable.i have received compliments on the sound (so much better than the wired headsets i used to use), it is great not to have to constantly fiddle with a cord that gets stuck somewhere, and with the jabra gel it stays in even when my 1 year old is banging me on the head :)still, for the money, if i had to do it again, i would spring for the $15 (after rebate) wep 700.  similar sound quality, but you don't need the charger case to charge it:samsung wep700 bluetooth wireless headsetmy wife has one and loves it.
the headset works pretty well with my treo 755p. in fact, it's the best headset i've found for the treo (tried plantronics and motorola previously without success). however, the ear hooks were missing from the package and samsung customer service wouldn't even speak to me without me providing my phone's esn numbers. wth? i also attempted to make a request on samsung's service website, which also would not function correctly. i called amazon cs and they sent a replacement after 4 minutes on the phone. awesome!
the wep200 sounds pretty good, is easy to use and is pleasantly small, but the system for keeping it in the ear is nearly useless. it comes with three different sizes of these little rubber loop things that are supposed to create enough pressure and friction on the inside of the auricle to keep the device in place, but none of them would keep the little thing in my ear, it would always fall out.it comes with nice a little case that also serves as the charger.  however, this device also a little bit overpriced. so, on to the next one.
charges fast and and stays charged for a while, has plenty capabilities and looks good, too.  also fits comfortably in the ear.
i bought two just to have one charging while i use the other one.big mistake!!!  both stop charging with no reasonsit works ok just for a few months.
this is my second bluetooth that i have bought and it is great. very good to have a ear bud fits in my ear and won't fall, comes with three sizes, but only one thing wrong with it if you wear it for hours and hours could start to hurt a little but take it off for ten minutes and you're ready for a couple more hours. best bluetooth ever
love it! i just need to learn how to use all of its features! :-)thank you!
for the price this is a great little headset with good voice quality on both ends.  the negative is that it won't stay in the ear and the ear hook is too flimsy to do any good with hanging it on the ear.
i have used the samsung wep200 bluetooth headset for about 3 months. i've found it small in size and very convenient to use. i was able to adjust the rubber earpiece to a certain position that is very comfortable for me to wear. i feel it is secured in my ear and am not worry about having it fall out due to lack of a over-the-ear hook like some other headsets. since i wear glasses, i prefer not to have the over-the-ear hook models.i paired it up with my razr v3i without a problem. i have also tried it with a powerbook to listen to internet radio. it works very well. i read somewhere it also works with skype, but i've never tried that.the sound is clear on both ends of phone calls. however, in windy condition or noisy areas, the sound quanlity suffers a lot at the other end of my connection. i think this is not suitable to use around crowded areas like the city streets or the malls etc. but it performs perfectly when used in the car while driving or in a relatively quiet setting.the charger is a good design that also functions as a carrying case. overall, i am happen with the purchase.
never have a problem with dropped calls.  the ear hook took me months actually to figure out but i face the loop up with respect to the unit if i hold it horizontally (90 degrees to the unit) and it stays in perfectly and comfortably.  my only issue is that if there is too much noise around me i cannot hear the call, but except for a piece that plugs into the ear any bluetooth will have this problem.
besides easily being lost while moving around it has performed well even when the phone is in the car and the device is in my ear.
i first liked this headset when i got it because of the small size and easy fit without an ear hook. they are reasonably loud and easy to use (volume, on/off & paring). charging is simple: drop it in its storage charging case and close the lid.but first, it is somewhat tiny and so you either need to wear it continually in your ear (hardly cool) or risk it getting lost in a purse. and because it is so smooth it does not hang in a bluetooth carrying loop that i had on my cellphone case (slips out).the dedicated charging case is also very small and has a dedicated charger with a unique charging tip (does not work with a mini usb connector or most other charging hubs)but the most disappointing failure was that the headset would inexplicably disconnect from my at&t; tilt in the middle of a call and the re-pairing would need to be done all over again. when you are driving and expecting a hands-free ride, this is a pretty serious problem.so i am replacing it and hoping that samsung has addressed these problems with the well-reviewed wep470.
ive tried many other blu tooth head sets and none of them worked for me so i was looking for a wired head set but my cell phone uses an adapter and i didnt like that so i thought i would try this wep 200, and it worked great but kept falling out of my ear, i even wore it in the swimming pool because i forgot i had it on, i dried it off and it kept working.late this spring it finally fell out of my ear into the yard and i lost it.  this fall the neighbor kids who play in my large yard found it.  it was covered with dirt and had survived mowings twice a week the sprinkler system every day, thunderstorms and just being in the damp outdoors for 3 months.to make a long story short, i'm still using it, i have it on right now.  i solved the problem of it falling off by purchasing the ear hooks for it, they are cheap so i have bought several and they really work.samsung wep180 / wep200 / wep210 bluetooth headset hook [oem] aaet180sbebstd
this bluetooth is very good,sound loud and clear,the ear plug hurt`s  a  little .but other than that, works very well.you can`t find anything better for the price.
so far i'm pretry impressed with this unit. this headset is currently paired with a blackberry 8800.pros -1) audio - ...is stellar. yes, its prone to interference, but i've yet to see a unit that doesn't occasionally give you a bit of static (jx10 - i'm looking at you!). callers were impressed to hear that i was using a headset.2) pairing - i've always thought this process to be a bit obtuse, but i guess it drives down costs to have the much-vaunted "multi-funtion" button. i find it annoying. that said, pairing was quick and easy with this unit and it **stays** paired for hours at a time.3) fit - stays paired and stays in my ear for hours at a time. does it hurt? heck, even my ears can't stand canalphones. i stand at 6 feet and yet i have the earcanals of a 5 year old, i guess. i don't have a problem using this set all day, but my ears are still a bit sore. still, this is much better than other models i've used (jx10 - i'm still looking at you!). for the record, i'm using the smallest gel. the wep200 gives you three different sizes.4) price - one of the cheapest bt headsets around. i've tried expensive, i've tried cheap, i've tried middle of the road. so far, the wep200 beats em all, even when not factoring in the cost.5) range - doesn't matter what side of my body this unit is on, it almost always makes a clear connection to the bb 8800. i also use this unit to take voip calls via cisco ip communicator on my dell d620 laptop and ichat audio on my macbook pro. it gives you just enough freedom to roam. you start loosing your signal at about twenty feet in clear line of sight.cons -1) size - unit is super tiny! it gets lost in my shirt pocket, my jacket pocket, left on the counter. annoying when you are getting a call and your headset is still paired to your mobile. its never a fun scramble, especially when someone important is at the other end. "hang on a second! i need to find the headset!!!"2) charger - not thrilled about the charger/carrying case, but if it helps keep the size of the headset down, i can't complain too much. i feel compelled to get my wife to buy one, just so we'd have two chargers around the house - one for upstairs and another downstairs. they're cheap enough, so why not?overall, this is the best bt headset i've ever used in the three years that i've been using them. good show, samsung.
this bluetooth is so small and discrete yet it picks up your voice perfectly.  i highy recommend it!
the samsung wep200 works perfectly with my treo 700p. it was easy to set up. the charger/case is cool. it is small and protects the headset. sounds is really great compared to other headsets. it is nice and loud even while driving with the radio on. callers in the other end do not notice i am using a headset. i would definitely recommend this headset.
keeps flling off ear. does not work past 4 feet. bought the jabra 125 and love it
this is now the 7th bluetooth headset i've owned and it is far and away the best in terms of quality of call. all the others i've used will start to crackle if i put my phone in my pocket; some drop quality if i hold the phone or place any part of my body between the phone and the earpiece.because of its size the microphone on the samsung wep200 is set far back on the cheek. despite this challenge, the unit still manages to pick up my voice clearly. i receive fewer complaints from those i call.unfortunately, the compact design appears to severely affect the battery potential. after 10 months of moderate use, the serviceable charge time of my samsung has dropped from disappointing to worthless. if turned on but not used, the battery will last up to 22 hours. if used to make calls, the charge my last as long as 8 full minutes on a good day. this translates to a maximum of about 2 calls per charge. often, i have to switch a call back to the phone to avoid losing power and possibly dropping the call. this is a major detraction from the overall value of a "hands-free" device.
this is my 4th bluetooth headset, and i'm getting frustrated trying to find one that both works good and fits good. this one works great, but frankly i don't understand why that can't design one that is comfortable to wear.once you figure out how it is supposed to be worn, it isn't too bad, however i can only wear it about an hour at a time. most of the time i keep it in my shirt pocket, and put it in my ear when my phone rings.i'm keeping it, because it works better than all the other ones. just don't understand why they don't make them like earbud headset.
the wep200 is fantastic, its super small and you hardly notice its there.  it pairs up very easily and the battery life is great.  only one complaint, its a bit crackly compared to my old motorola headset, but its hardly noticible unless you have the phone more that 5 ft away.
i have owned 2 of these and its the best bluetooth i have used. i like it much better than the wep400 i am currently using. i gave one to a friend and the other to girl when i got my wep400. i wish i would have given away the wep400 instead. this is a great product. it has only fell out of my ear once. go ahead get one you will not regret it.
purchased august 25, 2007i love that it doesn't look like other bluetooth headsets that are huge and flashy. connectivity and sound quality are superb. i can't give it 5 stars simply because it not very comfortable to wear for long calls. it becomes painful to wear after prolonged use.
this is a great little item.  i stress the 'little' part.  you won't feel like the borg with this in your ear.  as a matter of fact, you won't even realize it is there.  one thing i would recommend.  get the little attachment so you can loop it over your ear.  it is available from samsung for 5.95 i believe.  without it, you will have an extremely hard time keeping the headset in your ear.  and, it is so small and light, you may not even realize that it has fallen out.  it will drive you crazy without this piece.  i don't understand why it is not included with the headset - it is that necessary.  i have looked at the more expensive ones.  i see no reason to pay the big bucks.  get it!
this is a very small unit & the piece that fits in the ear is rather large.  it is a very uncomfortable fit for my adult female ear.  the over the ear loop must be removed for recharging.  the button controls on the surface and sides of the unit are not difficult to use.i would not recommend this unit for anyone with smallish ears or large fingers.
the headset volume, size, comfort and ease of wearing is wonderful, the weakest feature of this headset is the ear loop. the connection to the headset broke within a week of ownership. however the replacement piece is designed much better and is easily available. great headset for the money.
this is by far the best headset i've used.  both performance & comfort, i've not found anything better yet. if you're looking at any current motorola headsets, stop now and look no further.  this unit worked equally well on both moto q & samsung u740.pros:1. in ear design(no hook) - i always hated having to wear a hook over your ear because it gets in the way when i wear my sunglasses2. i like the fact that it has a hard case for protection while not in use and it doubles as a charger base.3. probably one of the smallest and lightest i've use.cons:1. haven't really found any yet.** make sure you don't buy the fake ones from ebay/else where.  with no tax/shipping, this amazon price is still one of the best price for this out there.
this was a very nice bluetooth headset until i lost it. since it so small, i tuck it away and now i can't find it ;(. anyways, i had 2 great headset by plantronics and samsung. both are very good, but if i had to choose, i would choose samsung for it connects to my phone without too much hassle compare to plantronics 510 voyager, where i had to constantly reset my phone to get connect it. on the other hand plantronics voyager 510 voice is far superior to samsungs (imo).
comfort:the wep200 is great for people who wear glasses because there isn't an extra hook that goes over your ear.  the tiny loop on the wep200 earpiece is flexible and does a good job of hooking or bracing the unit in your ear.  you can also rotate it to fit it in your left or right ear.  i've been able to freely talk and move my head around without feeling like the headset would fall out.battery life:the battery life seems to be shorter than my plantronics voyager 510, but it's understandable with the much smaller size of the wep200.  i really haven't had an issue with the battery, as long as i remember to take it out of the car with me to charge overnight or during the day.  i have to take it with me because, as of march 2008, there doesn't seem to be a car charger accessory for this headset.update may 2008:  as m. cirone points out in the comment below, there are now car charger accessories available for the wep 200!sound quality:the sound quality isn't as good as my plantronics voyager either, but it's still good enough for phone calls.  people on the other end don't seem to have problems understanding me and i can hear them well enough.ease of use:the buttons are big and easy to reach, but take a little bit of force.  since the headset is so small though, it's easy enough to hold it in place while you press buttons.i also had no trouble connecting this headset to my nokia 6300 phone.  in fact, i can switch between this in my car and my plantronics at home without any issues.overall, this is an excellent, inexpensive headset, especially for people who wear glasses.  it's definitely tiny though so it's very easy to lose if you're not careful.
the sound garbles badly and the battery runs out within an hour. very neat looking headset but not functional.
after putting myplantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset with multipoint technologythrough our washing machine, i thought i'd purchase a cheap $20 replacement.  the plantronics voyager 510 was a little large but i was always satisfied with the voice quality and fit on my ear.  the samsung wep200 does not compare in function to the voyager 510.  i never could get it to attach to my ear and stay there.  nor was the sound quality very good.  overall, samsung makes great lcd tvs and decent printers.  this device, like their blu-ray players, is lacking in function and performance.  i returned it to amazon for a refund and will buy another voyager 510.
i just recently bought my fourth wep200.  this is a great headset.  everyone i've bought it for loves its.  its small, discrete and stays in  your ear.  takes a bit to figure out how to put it in your ear.  but once it is in, it stays in.  very easy to connect with my phones: lgvx9700, lgvx9400, samsung sch-a950, samsung u550, lgvx8500.  great buy.  should have bought more than 1 when it was 4.99 after 20 mir.
i use the sprint mogul and as many users of this phone know there are inherent problems with the bluetooth on this phone. most people have the best luck with the jawbone headsets and a few various plantronics headsets that cost over $100, but i'm cheap and decided to try this model. it's great.i had absolutely not problems whatsoever pairing the headset and keeping it paired. the call quality is really good as well. i've specifically asked people who i talk to using the headset what it sounds like on their end and they tell me they can't tell i'm on a headset at all. the volume is good. sometimes i even have to turn it down a notch or two.this product would get five stars except that sometimes i get a little static when the battery gets low, but that's not very often. standby and talk times are very good.unless you just have to have a super-fancy headset, do yourself a favor and give this one a shot. i honestly can't imagine bluetooth getting much better than this.
i buy this handsfree. and give me a damaged product...and send me other...and damaged tooo..i buy nokia products and never send me a damaged product.. where is your quality department samsung???dont buy samsung products!!! please be wise!!!!
i bought this one along with the more expensive plantronics voyager 510 bluetooth headset, in my opinion, the wep200 is as good as the plantronic one, if not better.
this is one of the best headsets ive ever owned..you have to get jabra eargels with it ..i shook my head harder than i should have and it stayed snug. shoots out to samsung for a great product...
this is without a doubt the _loudest_ bluetooth headset i've ever used. even for the friend of mine who mumbles constantly on the phone i've never had to use this about 50% volume. i've tried it on four different phones and had it work great with all of them. sound quality is top notch too.tip:try all the different tips, and try it in both ears.
this bluetooth headset is tiny compared to others i've researched. i purchased it for my daughter, and she loves it.  it paired easily with her env2 verizon phone.  i called her to test it and i could hear her clearly and she reports she can hear well on it too. there was no feedback noise or echo.  she reports that it is very comfortable, and she has been wearing it for long periods of time without a problem.  the standby time is 70 hours, so it doesn't have to be constantly charging. great product.
good product.  2 hr talk time. it does give you some static noise from time to time.  overall not bad, very small light weight, fits in ear comfortably.
i have a special standard for bluetooth devices. i've had several of them over the last few years. this one is the lightest, and worked well for about a year. then it stopped. it's been my experience with bluetooth listening devices that a year is all you can expect, at best. right now i use a motorola from costco that's on it's 4th month. we'll see how long it lasts.