These stickers work like the review says  they do. They stick on great and they stay on the phone. They are super stylish and I can share them with my sister.
This is a fantastic case. Very stylish and protects my phone. Easy access to all buttons and features, without any loss of phone reception. But most importantly, it doubles power, just as promised. Great buy.
This is the first battery case I have had for my Galaxy S4. The S4 fits very well, is slim and doesn't add much weight to the Galaxy S4. It doubles the battery life. You can charge either the battery, the phone or both. There is a handy on-off switch with leds to indicate the level of charge. The battery case came on time and was packaged well. Well worth the price.
Performs exactly as advertised . It’s very  sturdily built,and provides lots of boost .  It does exactly what it's supposed too .Easy to insert phone in and out . Definitely a 5 star experience. Don't know what I would do without this case. LOVE it.
The case is pretty good. It dose have some scratches on one side of the phone but its every little. Other then that i like it. Ive dropped my phone a few times since putting on the case and it didnt break or scratch. Ive gotten many complements on this case and over all it was worth the few bucks I spent.
This case is afordable and yes it peels very easy but thats to be expected because its a dollor. I bought mine from Electromaster. It snaps on fine for me but if I were to drop my phone the phone would be fine but the case would surely be done for. its only a dollar so do not get your hopes up. it looks great but its for show not for protection. if you want your phone to be protected go the extra mile for an outter box.
Received this in about a weeks time. Very nice actually considering how cheap the price was. It's a pink/purple with black leopard spots and has a very nice feel to it. I haven't tried to remove it yet, but hopefully it won't give me any trouble when I do want to change covers.
This product arrived when promised and in the condition promised. It is a genuine Blackberry charger. It was brand new and worked perfectly. For the price, I don't think you can ask for much more than that!
Honestly I have always loved this specific model, since you can just take it with you on the road not worrying if you end up losing it or leaving it where ever you go. Though it doesn't exactly meet the fast charging needs of high end phones, it works pretty well on all of them, you just need to be patient.
I've had this charger well over a year now, and it still works perfectly.  Most chargers would have broken by now.  The folding blades make this more portable than the chargers that come with some Blackberry models that have adapters for different countries.
I purchase this for a backup at work.  It charges my SGS4.  I would recommend this charger for the Samsung Galaxy S4.
I bought this for my Samsung Charge. It works perfectly and is built as solidly as the $20 Verizon charger. I highly recommend this car charger and thanks for the great price!
This product must be miss labeled.  I can not get my Samsung S2 phone to charge with this OEM charger.  The lights are on, the phone says its charging but nothing happens.  I am not sure if I got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge.  If you need a reliable charger, DO NOT purchase this product.If you need a car charger for your Samsung S2, I would recommend the Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter.  It charges fast and is dependable.
I use this charger with my GS2 from Straight Talk.  This charger is working as expected, charges the phone fine and seems like a quality product, not flimsy and cheap feeling like some chargers I have ordered in the past.
I received this product in a very timely manner which was delightful, however, I gave it as a gift and was embarrassed to find out it was a defective item. I was reimbursed for the product but would have much rather had a product that worked the first time.
This charger doesn't charge the battery of my Samsung Galaxy S2 (i9100) properly.When I connect it to my S2, the screen gets frozen and the cell behaves in a unusual (abnormal) way.
I think this case is an excellent choice, since it is not so bulky, the color is nice, the texture on the back is good for gripping, and it extends battery life. It's a life saver, and there isn't too much on the market at the time for this phone so I am happy with it. Bought both blue and black for me and my brother right after we got home from the phone store. Would recommend.
I bought this for the at&t samsung galaxy s2 and the seller was very slow in getting this item to me. I also notice that this product do fit the SGS2, but the cut outs was NOT good. The cut out opening was too small for the power button, there was also an extra cut out for no reason. It does fit nice so I gave it 2 stars, but bad opening for my phone will be costly.
I bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap, and that it is. I use this with my Nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues, such as screen lag, my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is, and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode. So if you need a real quick cable for basic charging, this will do it, anything else...spend the extra buck on a higher end cable.
This charger doesn't work very well. When plugged in, it shows that it is charging, but after ten minutes I'm lucky to get 1% more on my battery. I only use it now if my battery is low and I want to keep it from getting lower...that's really all it's good for.
