The iPhone 5 is here, and it's arguably the biggest change in the series since the iPhone 4 hit the scene back. The iPhone 5 has a much faster processor than the iPhone 4. It also has a new better design and a larger screen. Apple has redesigned the lens - it's now a Sapphire lens, which should result in better image quality than the iPhone 4S can provide.
The Samsung Galaxy S7's display is very similar indeed to the S6's. That means, the Galaxy S7 has a more vibrant and sharp display than the iPhone 6S. It also has a faster CPU, improved battery, and a stunning-looking camera. As such, the Galaxy S7 is a more than worthy rival to the iPhone 6S. It is an absolute beast of a smartphone that has a good design, performance, and camera.
Looking at the specs, the iPhone 5S is a lot less powerful than the Galaxy S5. It has a dual-core CPU instead of a quad-core one, only half the RAM (1GB) and a much slower clock speed. However, in reality the iPhone 5S offers pretty comparable power, not least because iOS is generally more efficient and controlled than Android. Much as you might think the iPhone 5S is a bit of a has-been because it has been around for a lot longer than the Galaxy S5, but it's actually about as powerful.
The Note 4 is a great phone. It's the second one in my household. There is really no downside to this phone. I even like the Note 4 better than the Note 5. It is a fantastic choice if you don't have too much money. Add the wireless charging back and you are good to go. Note 4 is the last Note model to have a user replaceable battery. Android Marshmallow works great on this device. I'll be using this until it falls apart.
The Note 4 is the best smartphone ever. I did a lot research, and when i saw the screen, I was still amazed at the gorgeous screen. It is totally unbelievable. I was using Galaxy S4 and the screen in Note 4 is so much better. The Note 4 is so much better in screen and in camera than the Note 3. It has a awesome camera quality. I still think this is the best phone ever on market. I personally like the back cover. It is not slippery. Some people say it is cheap plastic, but I consider it to be extremely practical. I had some slippery phones before and I always broke them by accident. This one is good. Probably, the Note 4 is the last of its kind of the best Samsung phones.
The Note 4 has a very clumsy cover. S pen is a complete joke. It is a hit and miss when it works. Camera quality of Note 4 is a bit better than IPhone 3. It's low light camera is at the worst quality. I have 7 different phones at home since I am a developer and I do not like this device over what it actually do. Some improvement has been made on quality compared to the Note 3 but it's very little. Their finger print scanner is a hit and miss. I recommend either Sony or LG over this one.
The Lumia is around 7% slower than the HTC Titan II. In fact, it's AnTuTu benchmark score is only about 2.7% slower. The reason why the Lumia is better than you think is because it has a higher memory score. The Titan II is slightly higher but no one's going to notice unless you have them side-by-side.
I just got a Samsung Galaxy S III. My S III has a dual core processor. It is the same processor you find in the LTE HTC One X. The Galaxy III is pretty cool. It's a plastic phone, but it feels solid even though it's very light. The screen looks great. It is very sharp. I don't really notice that it's a pentile display with the default color scheme. The deep blacks really give the colors a kick.
The One S has a 4.3" display - that's pretty standard stuff. What's interesting about this display is that it's a Super AMOLED display. Like the One X, the One S has a dedicated camera processor and it shows in its speed. It focuses really quickly and has the fastest shot-to-shot speeds I have ever seen from a camera phone. I tested the headphone amplifier. The One S's headphone amplifier is slightly louder than my One X's. It also has a wise sound.
As far as competition, the first phone that come to mind is the Sony Xperia S. The Sony has a camera with more megapixels (though it's not a very good camera). On the other hand, the One S has a much faster processor than the Xperia S. I think it's a better overall package. Its metal body is more satisfying to hold while the smaller size makes it easier to use. The One S has a excellent display than One X. It also has the better processing power and audio capabilities. Clearly, the One S is more than the sum of its parts.
I find that the Galaxy S II HD LTE is more comfortable to hold than the Galaxy Nexus. However, it can get quite hot when there is an active LTE data session. as long as the colour is relatively accurate the display looks just fine to me. Don't forget that the screen has a really high resolution. My only complaints about the display are that it could be better outdoors or under bright lights. In synthetic benchmarks, the Galaxy S II HD LTE consistently scored lower than the Galaxy Nexus. Now I realize that it has a lower resolution display.
I love the Note 4. I had the Note 2 previously and loved it. The Note 4 has even more features. The Note 4 feels slimmer than the Note 2. It also fits better in my hand. I can't live without the stylus that comes with the Note 4.
Note 4 has much better build quality than the S5. I feel much better to hold it than iPhone 6Plus. The display is beatiful with high resolution. The battery life is also good, it comes easily for a day with normal usage. I had the iPhone 6Plus also for few days and the Note 4 has better battery life than the 6Plus. It also has expandable memory and replaceable battery. Love it!
On to the Note 4. The screen is amazing, the resolution is incredible. The camera is solid, it has a nice quick shutter speed and it takes good pictures in most lighting situations. The sound is ok, nothing amazing but it's enough for the speakerphone to be solid and to hear music. The default Samsung keyboard, which is of course replaceable, is one of the better stock keyboards. If you're a storage buff then you'll be happy with the micro SD card slot, it adds so much functionality to the phone. I can't think of a reason not to recommend the Note 4.
Bought my Note 4 from ATT. This phone is worth the money. In my opinion, the Note 4 is definitely better than iPhone. It is big with a great screen, slim design, and amazing camera. The battery last all day on automatic brightness and when the battery does run low, the Samsung adaptive charger charges the phone really fast. Overall the Note 4 is such a great phone, I bought my girl this white one!
I converted from my Iphone to the Note 4. The Note 4 is gorgeous, works great, and has some of the best specs on the market. I love this phone and am glad I bought it at Amazon. The Note 4 is much more phone than IPhone 6Plus which I took back. It just can do so many great things.
Before upgrading to this Note 4, I had the Galaxy S5. I was very satisfied with my Galaxy S5, but I knew I would benefit from the larger screen and S pen that the Note 4 has to offer. Right when I took this phone out of the box, the feel of the Note 4 in my hand felt much more solid than the Galaxy S5. I love the matte trim and the leather back cover of this phone. After using it for a few days now, I absolutely love it. The display is much more vibrant and the screen is very responsive. The S pen comes in handy when taking notes. I realized that the camera was much better than the Galaxy S5. It is now much easier to focus on close objects. Note 4 is definitely one of the best Android devices you can buy right now.
The iPhone 6Plus is a huge phone! It can be bully to carry, or even just using it in your hand. But there are many features to out weigh this. I still see that the iPhone 6Plus has a better graphics power than the iPhone 5s. Another amazing feature about this phone is the camera. Although it is only 8 megapixels, it still can take better pictures than most of it's Android competitors. The larger pixels allow for more light to enter the sensor and optical image stabilization. The battery life on this phone is amazing. I can go all day on heavy use with lots of apps. Doing that on my 5s was impossible.
The Iphone 6Plus has a good price and functionality, except sound volume. Decent price. The volume of iPhone 6Plus is less than my 4s which had awesome clarity. However, I love this phone.
I bought this Nexus 6 to replace my previous Xperia Z3 which broke and wasn't worth fixing. I was really interested in a 6 inch phone with a 1440p screen. The Nexus 6 is definitely the biggest phone I have ever used, it would be considered a tablet. It is only slightly bigger than the Oneplus One. I have medium sized hands and didn't have any issues with carrying the phone. I was able to use it with one hand without too much trouble which was unexpected. In my opinion, the Nexus 6 had the best colors of the phones with its Amoled. With the 1440p screen, it was impossible for me to see the pixels, even when putting it right in front of my eyes. The Nexus 6 has good performance. The Nexus 6 should perform better than the Z3. However, I do issues with navigation of the operating system where it seems to slow down. The audio for the phone is ok. It wasn't anything special, but isn't terrible either. The external speakers were better than my Z3. With headphone, it is decent as well. The Nexus 6 is definitely better than the Z3 which suffered from very low volumes. It is about equal to the Oneplus One though. The M9 destroyed the Nexus 6 in both aspects. The battery life was pretty good. It wasn't as good as the Oneplus One, but was much better than the M9. The 1440p screen probably uses more power to use. Overall, I was satisfied with the Nexus 6. My only issue with it was the non-smooth navigation I was having, and the audio from the headphone. I would recommend this phone to people who are looking for a "phablet".
The Lumia 800 is a lot smaller than many top-of-the-line Android devices and I must say, it really fits nicely in my hand. The finish is quite smooth. The display appears to be a super AMOLED display. While the Lumia 800 has a pentile matrix, I don't usually notice it because the pixel density of the 800's display is pretty high so the dottiness isn't really noticeable. The camera has a 8mp sensor along with a LED flash. The camera isn't as good as the iPhone 4s' but it's still decent.
I Purchased the Nexus 6 from Amazon. Was said to have had several scratches and scuffs on it. I bought it to replace my Galaxy S6 Edge that I was growing tired of. Granted on paper, the Edge is better than the Nexus 6. But after having it for one day so far, everything about the Nexus 6 seems snappier and faster than my former Edge. I'm very pleased with the device.
By far and away, the Nexus 6 is the best Android phone I have had. The Nexus 6 is much better than the iPhone 6Plus. It does everything, very well. It's big, fast, plenty of RAM, and plenty of storage space.
I upgraded to the Nexus 6 from an S4. Love this Nexus 6, I got it on Black Friday. It's my first Nexus and I feel special. Only thing that bug me just a bit is that the front facing camera doesn't do well in low. The Nexus 6 is not better than my s4. However, it does take better pictures in normal lighting. Overall, I'm very happy with Nexus 6. My girlfriend got one too for Verizon. If you already have a nano Sim, just pop it in.
My Nexus 5 was dropped into water so I have to buy a new one. I choose the Nexus 6. I really love it! The screen is much big. The camera of the Nexus 6 is much better than the Nexus 5. It is a good deal!
I've been using this Nexus 6 for about 4 weeks and I have to write to say that I love this phone completely. It is big and I love the front facing stereo speakers. This Nexus 6 beats the S4 hands down, of course, and the Nexus 6 is better than the OnePlus One. I'm pleased with this phone.
I don't even know where to start, I love everything about this Nexus 6. It makes my old Samsung galaxy S4 look and feel like a joke. Excellent battery life, and I mean excellent. Beautiful screen. Quality dual speakers. Impressive camera. Honestly, the Nexus 6P is worse than the Nexus 6. I use this phone, and I couldn't be happier.
I love this Nexus 6! I got it a few weeks ago. The Nexus 6 is so much better than my Galaxy S4. It runs Android very smoothly and the screen size is amazing. I had to get used to the Nexus 6 but having a 6 inch screen makes it so much easier to type emails and see apps. I am very glad I got this phone and would recommend it to anyone who is looking and trying to figure out what kind of phone they want. I also love how fast the charging is with the charger. The phone can be very low on battery and charge up to full in less than 2 hours. So far, it is an amazing phone!
Nexus 6 is awesome, but the reason for the 4 stars is that there is no Wifi calling, which is a feature that is available if purchased through TMobile. Where we live, it's almost essential, so not having that feature meant a lot to us. If that's not important, it is a wonderful phone. Screen is crystal clear and the calls of Nexus 6 are a lot crisper than the Nexus 5. Great phone!
I purchased the Nexus 6 after having continued issues with my Samsung Note. My Note had reached its limit. I've been using the Nexus 6 for about three days. It is lightning fast compared to the Note. The Nexus 6 is a little faster than the Blackberry Passport I use for work. It really works well the streaming data. And the Nexus 6 makes calls and picks up signal better than the Note. It holds a charge well, but I do find myself charging when I get home from work. But with the super fast charging, it's really no big deal. The camera is decent enough. Pictures are decent but the interface is a little clunky. In general, I really love this device.
A 4.5" display sounds nice on paper but for me it's too big. The problem is, that I prefer to use my phone with one hand. It's one of the reasons why I like to use an iPhone. The Raider's display is so large that my thumb can't reach parts of the screen when I'm using it with one hand. While I think that the screen is too big I must say it looks fantastic. It has great viewing angles, it's bright, very sharp, has great contrast with pleasing colours and it works outdoors. Interestingly, it doesn't photograph very well so don't judge the screen quality from my pictures. One thing I hate about HTC Android phones is that they place the buttons too close to the edges. This makes them more difficult to use because I'm always pressing them accidentally. Unfortunately, the Raider has this problem too. The front facing camera has a resolution of 1.3MP. It can capture both still photos and video - neither of which are very good. While the Raider seemed unappealing at first, it really grew on me. In the end, I can say that between its fast performance, LTE, great camera and software, the HTC Raider is a solid performer. It's a HTC device that I love to use.
I recently reviewed the LG Optimus 3D. The Optimus has a 3D display that doesn't require glasses plus it had dual cameras to capture 3D images. Now I have the HTC EVO 3D. I like how the EVO is a little thicker than the HTC Sensation 4G. It makes it easier to use. Still, I found myself accidentally pressing the menu buttons a lot them a lot - especially when whenever I tried to use the EVO with one hand. The display has a higher resolution than the Galaxy S2 and LG Optimus 3D. That said the display isn't very good. It doesn't have very good colour.
The screen is awesome with a bright and beautiful display. The Galaxy S5 has more options and freedom than the Iphones. However, the Touch Wiz interface of it is very laggy. Camera is slow. It takes way too long to load and by the time it loads, I have missed the moment I wanted to take a picture of. Touch screen almost too sensitive. The phone is almost a little too big for my preference. It's hard to use one handed.
I would rate the Q10 five stars but the camera quality sucks. It has a 2MP camera like the one I owned before. I like that the Q10 has a built in FM radio where you just plug in headphones and it works. I also like the flashlight. It is strong. I like that the phone is smaller. Wherever someone says that the battery sucks is wrong. The Q10 has all of the wrong descriptons everywhere. Just listen to this best phone ever.
I don't like where the power button of Lumia 920 is.  The battery life is rather poor.  I charge it every night and still have had it die on my twice in less than a month. Lumia 920 takes great pictures.  The screen is very sharp and it is easy to watch videos on. However, I want to admit Lumia 920 is by far better than the iPhone! Learn how to use, and it's amazing!
I purchased this Tracfone LG840G a few months ago. It really eats up the battery. I have to charge it every day. The screen leaves a lot to be desired because of it not being super fine resolution, but it is clear enough. The camera is only 2 megapixel and I thought that it would be poor quality, but even on the computer, the photos look decent. This Tracfone LG840G is just an inexpensive phone with decent features. Good enough for me, but I will certainly try something different when this one dies. If you have any questions I will try to answer them.
I have some problems with the LG 800G, so I ordered this Tracfone.  The Tracfone is easier to use than the 800G.  I have had no problems with this one.  I should have bought it first.
I was using the LG 800G for a while and I was very annoyed by the poor touch screen. I was over the fence whether upgrading to this newer LG 840G or not. Since the price of the LG 840G has dropped quite a lot recently and so I decided to give it try. Wow, I am so delighted to say that this LG 840G is a much better touch screen phone than the LG 800G. It is very responsive and the texting is so much easier. If you are considering this LG 840G, don't waste your time just buy it. You'll love it.