When I look at the Zen phone, the first competitor that comes to mind is the Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3. It costs about the same money, and has very similar specs. The Zen pulls ahead with a processor that's about 30% faster, with dual SIMs and a slightly better camera. The Idol counters with its powerful stereo speakers which just happen to be the Zen's weakness and more durable finishes. One question mark is how diligent Asus and Alcatel will be when it comes to Android updates. I don't have any experience with Asus, but according to Wikipedia they've updated many of their recent phones from KitKat to Lollipop so I give them the advantage here. Still, while the Zen will attract a lot of notice because of its powerful processor and to a lesser extent, its dual SIMs, I think the Idol is a more balance package than the Zen. It still possesses enough for most people although it lacks the Zen's raw processing power. I guess it's more that the Zen has a significant weakness while the Idol doesn't. 
All in all, Asus has really shaken things up with the Zenfone 2. If it had a fancier badge on it, they could have charged double for it - it's a phenomenal value and is really going to make things tough for other companies. It's not just a powerful processor attached to a mediocre phone either. The display is also quite good. It's not quite flagship material but it's easily good enough for most users. It's as sharp as a flagship and colour is reasonable. The rest of the Zen however is a bit of a compromise. The plastic on the back cover is cheap and very easy to damage. Still, this is pretty minor, after all, how often do we take our SIM and MicroSD cards? Plus you can put the Zenfone 2 in a case and suddenly the cheap plastic isn't a big deal. As for the camera, it's not bad but it's not that great either, I'd say it's a good for the price point but not a great deal like the processor is. The Zenfone 2 really punishes the Moto G 2014 as far as value for your money goes and is a clear leader when it comes to bang for your buck.
The Samsung Galaxy A5 was released in Canada recently. The biggest feature is the metal frame which makes it very solid. You get a slick metal frame with a plastic back. It's a budget phone with expensive clothes. The edges are chamfered edge like the Galaxy Alpha or the Note 5. I like how they ditched the Alpha's corner bulges. While it make the A5's body less interesting, it makes it much more comfortable to hold. The buttons are all quite good. They stick just enough and click nicely when you press them in. They also don't wobble when you half press them. The only downside to the A5 body is the plastic back. It's not glass like many other recent Samsung phones. In the end, the A5 is an entry-level phone with the body of a flagship phone. It's like a hotdog served with a side of caviar, an Armani blazer with a pair jeans that have a hole in the seat. Still, if you can appreciate the exterior and don't have great processing needs the A5 could be an interesting choice.
The fact that the GS5 is from Samsung makes it the Z2's biggest competitor. The Z2's strongest points are the side-mounted camera button. The Z2 has slightly louder speakers, slightly better battery life than the GS5. It has a fingerprint reader for easier unlocking, a better looking screen and a removable battery. Between the two phones, I'd pick the GS5 for its brighter display and for the ease of use the fingerprint reader brings. That said, watch out because the GS5 doesn't use on-screen menu buttons so handling it can be tricky unless you stick it in a case.
For slightly less money, you can pick up the Nexus 5x. The 5x has a flagship-ish Snapdragon 808 while the A9 makes do with a mid-range 618. The 5x camera also takes the best still photos of any phone right now. It also has a slightly larger 2700mAh battery. Otherwise, the A9 has some pretty big advantages; it has a much nicer looking AMOLED display. 3GB of RAM is a little bit more convenient as is the 32GB of storage and MicroSD slot. I also find the front-mounted fingerprint reader more intuitive to use. While the A9's camera isn't as good as the 5x's, the HTC's optical image stabilization helps it take better looking video though it's limited to 1080P whereas the 5x goes up to 4K. However, the best thing about the A9 is its metal body. The brushed metal back feels like glass and has a sense of occasion sorely missing from the 5x.
For the same money you can pick up one of my favorite, the Idol 3. The Idol pulls ahead with a full HD display while the M4's is a more pedestrian HD. the Idol also has stereo speakers which sound better and an beefy 3000mAh battery. On the other hand, the M4's speakers, while not quite as good, are still pretty damn impressive in their own right. However, the M4's key advantage is it's water resistant. That plus the speaker make for a great combination in the shower. I'd personally pick the Idol 3 but you can't go wrong with either. The Idol's screen looks better and is noticeably sharper but the M4's water resistance is a very practical feature.
The 6p really improves on the previous one in almost all areas. The screen resolution is unchanged but it looks better. The speakers are improved, the battery is bigger and you can get it with more storage. However the biggest upgrade is the camera. Previous Nexus phones have never had great cameras plus they were usually crippled with Google's awful camera software. The 6p's camera is such a leap forward, it makes me completely re-think my opinions of Nexus phones.
For the same money on Virgin, you can pick up an Idol 3. The Vigor has a slightly bigger 5.2” display, removable battery and it's a more solid phone and you could argue that it also has a better badge. However, the Idol has a tremendous advantage in most other areas; most importantly, it has nearly 3x as much storage available when you first boot it up. While you have to do a bit of work to fill the Idol, the Vigor essentially comes with almost no free space.
While we're talking about cameras, the GS4 has a 13 megapixel unit while the 5s has 8 megapixels. However, the 5s' is a much more versatile camera. It does better in low light, focuses a little faster and has cleaner pictures. I guess when you're outdoors and the weather's nice and bright, the GS4 may hold a resolution advantage but that's about its only advantage. I will say that battery life on the GS4 is quite a bit better than the 5s. It has enough battery life to make it through most people's day. The 5s on the other hand needs a bit of help.
I think the HTC 10's rear camera is clearly better, in that it takes cleaner pictures. However, the G5's second wide angle camera opens up a lot of interesting possibilities. The display of G5 is much brighter than the HTC 10's. There is a difference between it and the HTC when you're outdoors in direct sunlight. The G5's wildcard over the HTC is its removable battery. If you plan on keeping the battery and just want to replace it quickly and cheaply down the road, a removable battery is a plus. I also find that the on-screen menu buttons also make the G5 a little easier to use.
In the end, the LG G5 is a slightly different take on the flagship than the rest of the market. The removable battery is a rarity in the high end and the extra wide angle camera is good enough that it's actually useful. the G5's also a bit more affordable than the GS7. While it lacks the GS7's water resistance, the G5's dual camera design make it interesting.
The HTC 10 is even more solid than the GS7 Edge. But it lacks its water resistance. The Edge has a much brighter display than the 10. It also loses a lot less light off-angle than the HTC. You also get noticeable better battery life with the Edge plus it runs noticeably cooler. The 10 takes better pictures but the Edge's launches and focuses a bit faster which makes it a bit more usable. Of course, while the 10 is a pricey phone, the Edge costs quite a bit more than the 10. I'd probably go with the Edge.
The G5 is more interesting than the Edge. It's considerably more affordable. What I like about the G5 is that I find it much easier to use than the Edge. The on-screen buttons and lack of a curved screen just make it much easier to handle. The G5's display is pretty bright straight on but overall I think the Edge has a superior display.
The first phone that popped into my head when I thought of the GS7 was the Nexus 6P. The 6P has the optical image stabilization and water resistance. It has the new best Snapdragon 810 SoC and a dimmer screen. Then the 6P has a slightly better processor than the GS7. That said, it counters with a bigger screen, a better fingerprint reader. Another upside to the 6p is that it's easier to use. The GS7 is just too sculpted for my tastes. It really needs a thick case to be usable as I find myself constantly touching the screen or menu buttons by accident. I think you should get the 6P.
The Nexus 5 has been around for 2 years now. That said, it has aged well. While the 5x lacks optical image stabilization, I'd say it's an all-around better phone. If you liked the 5 for its reasonable size, note that the 5x is quite a bit larger. It has a much bigger top and bottom though the screen is only 0.2” bigger. On the 5x, I get the feeling it's more to accommodate Google's design language.
If you don't want something with expandable memory take a look at the LG G4. The G4 has a MicroSD slot. The G4 is cheaper than the Note 5. It has a convenient removable battery and while the back isn't quite as elegant as the Note 5's glass. I do think that the G4 is an easier phone to use because the bezels are more reasonable. I think that the Note 5 should cost more than the G4. But I don't know why it costs so much more. Really, unless you absolutely must have a Samsung you're probably better off with a LG G4.
I actually really like Motorola G as I have it now. The Motorola G has so far had better battery life than a LG G4(obliviously) and also the HTC One M8. It has very good RF performance. I tried the Zenfone 2 but I sent it back and did not like it.
The 635 has a much better screen than the Desire. It has nice colours and respectable viewing angles though it has a low resolution display. I can live with a low resolution display if it looks nice. The 635's camera is only 5 megapixels but it actually takes pretty photos.
It's hard for anyone to beat the Nexus 5. On paper, the only advantage the S1 has is a larger display, a microSD slot and a slightly larger battery. The Nexus has more resolution than the S1. So it is noticeably sharper. The Nexus also has a faster SoC, double the RAM. It also has a superior camera.
I've had the opportunity to use the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the new HTC One M8 extensively. To me, I prefer the S5 display. I do find the Galaxy S5 has more saturated display than the One's. It also has whiter whites and deeper blacks. The blacks are so deep on the GS5, I notice them even when don't have the 2 phones side-by-side. The whites on the other hand are not noticeable unless you're comparing directly.
My feelings toward Windows Phone devices have been stated many times before. I find them severely limited. Despite their smooth overall performance, I can never bring myself to them, because they just frustrate the hell out of me. Even when well-known apps are available for Windows Phone, they are often pale imitations of their Android or iOS counterparts.
The Ultra Z appeals to the bigger is better crowd.  It has a 6.44" display. Like the Z1, the Ultra Z is water resistant and dust resistant. While the Z1 feels nice and solid, the Ultra Z is too thin and has a really big foot print. It's not cheap feeling. It's just a weird shape. I compared it to my Huawei Mate which has a tiny 6.1" display and look how much smaller its footprint is next to the Ultra Z .
I'll admit, when the Note 2 came out, I wondered if we hit a point where phones would keep getting better but at a slower pace. While the Galaxy S4 was a good phone when it was released, it wasn't a huge jump forward from the Note 2. However, when Samsung unveiled the Note 3, it began to look like they were about to release a monster on the market. Let's check it out. The Note 2 is still a great device. Even a year after it came out, I don't have anything bad to say about it. In terms of hardware, the Note 3 is a huge step forward. First off, the Note 3 has the best SuperAMOLED screen ever. The Note 3 looks better and is brighter than the Note 2. It has better viewing angles, the colour looks nicer and it works better outdoors. The screen alone makes it worth the upgrade. The Note 2 is still a great device and if you're happy with it, keep it. But if you decide to upgrade, the Note 3 is a substantial upgrade and worth the money if you can swing it.
Galaxy Note 3 has better display than the Note 2. It also has a better battery and processor. The Note 3 is lighter and thinner than the Note 2. It also has a full HD display, more RAM, faster CPU, and it looks way better. Samsung did great work with Note 3, and it is definitely worth the upgrade from the Note 2 to the Note 3.
The Y210 is a 78-dollar phone. It is the cheapest Android phone you can buy. The plastic screen shows a lot of reflections and gets oily very easily. I haven't had a chance to use it under direct sunlight yet. You won't confuse it with the HTC One's display but it's actually not a bad display. The plastic on the back is hard and unpainted. It reminds me of the dash on my car. Still, overall the Y210 doesn't feel cheap. It doesn't creak or shift much when you squeeze it. One refreshing thing about the Huawei Ascend Y210 is that its small size makes it very easy to use with just one hand.
Besides the super high resolution, the GS4 display is simply better than the GS3 when it comes to colour and more importantly outdoor performance. The GS4's display is much easier to live with. While its colour is still slightly cool, it's much more normal looking, which will make it much easier to live with. Outdoor performance is a quantum leap forward over the GS3. The GS4's screen works much better than GS3'. It is good enough although it not as good as the iPhone 5 or HTC One display in this sense. Under the sun, you don't really lose any functionality. I'd say the GS4's is the best Super AMOLED display yet. It's the best one since the Galaxy S2's.
Again, you can see what a difference the change in resolution makes with the Rugby. Even though the DEFY has a lower resolution screen, its GPU is much weaker than the one in the GS3 and Rugby. I still need to run my battery benchmarks but the Rugby has a relatively large 1850mAh battery and a sort-of-small 4” display so it should be able to make it through the day. Sound quality is good. It sounds clean and natural. Maximum earpiece volume is just slightly lower than my iPhone 5 so it's good in this regard. The speaker is very loud. You'll never miss any calls (unless you turn it off).
The Rugby LTE is a really niche product that doesn't have any competitors. While it lacks the bling of the GS3, it's fast. The screen isn't huge but I don't think it's too small. It's a good compromise since a bigger screen might make the Rugby too big. As for the price, it's a little harder to say. Since the Rugby is such a niche product, there isn't much to compare its price with. You can say that a Nexus 4 is a better deal but once you dunk a Nexus 4 in water or drop it on concrete, it'll probably be worth far less than the Rugby. After all, the Rugby is more powerful than the DEFY PRO and Xperia Go. It should be priced higher than them, right?
The X Plus have beats logos on it. However, HTC has clearly done some work on the X Plus in the headphone department. The X Plus's headphone is much louder than the X. It's clearly louder than the X although it is not as loud as the 8X I just reviewed. It's loud enough that you might need to get new headphones if you want to your listen to music at maximum volume.
The One X Plus has 64GB storage but, since the GS3 has a microSD card slot, it's easy to add a 64GB card to it. Where the shines of the One X Plus is its display. It just beats the GS3 at pretty much everything except for black levels. It's better in the sun, it's brighter and it's less grainy. The GS3's strength is its software. While Touchwiz isn't perfect, it feels more advanced than Sense. It also has 2GB of RAM which makes a huge difference when it comes to multitasking.
The 8X camera focuses slightly faster than the Lumia 920's. If you look closely at the 8X's pictures, the 8X camera captures more detail than the 920. So, given ideal conditions, it can take decent pictures. Maximum earpiece volume is decent though it's not as loud as my iPhone 5. Sound quality is good. It's clean-sounding with little hiss. The built-in speaker sounds fine but it's not very loud.
The Xperia T feels a lot smaller and looks better than the GS3 and One X. I love the style of it, it is easily the best looking Xperia since the original X1 from a few years back. It doesn't just look good, it has a metal back that has a really slick paint job. It's grainy and rough so it's much more usable than the Xperia ION's slippery finish.
I got a chance to play with the Sony Xperia T. The T is known as the James Bond phone. The size-wise and the lack of hardware buttons allows the T to be a pretty compact phone. It feels noticeably smaller than the GS2, One X, etc. It fits well in my hands, and is solid. The Xperia T feels much more special than the Xperia ION which was a bit of a brick. It has a matte finish that looks awesome. The curved back makes it really nice to hold. The paint job on the back feels fantastic - it reminds me of a fancy camera. It's hard to believe that the T has a 4.6" screen because it feels much smaller. 
The G is a really solid phone. There's no flex or twist at all when you squeeze it. Make sure you don't drop it! The display is a IPS LCD display. It looks amazing. It's sharp, has great viewing angles. Unfortunately it's been raining every day lately so I haven't had to chance to try it out in bright sunlight. The G has a really narrow bezel. It's not an easy phone to use with one hand because the screen is really big. If you get the G make sure you buy a case for it that has a raised lip around the edges.
Despite the G's monster processor, the camera's performance is a lot slower than the Galaxy Note II's or the Apple iPhone 5. The camera is not sensitive at all which means it struggles mightily indoors. It's extremely difficult to take sharp photos indoors without the flash. The G looks like it does well in this test but it's actually using a very slow shutter speed. There is a burst mode but it's similar to the Motorola RAZR's. You turn it on, press the shutter button and it takes around 6 photos. You can have the Optimus G shoot when everyone says "cheese". I didn't try this feature. While the G does a good job of capturing audio, video quality isn't that great.
The speaker is loud. I can hear it perfectly in most situations. Motorola has designed the speaker to be heard in loud areas. The camera is average. It takes good pictures, but AF is slow. The pictures have adequate details and their dynamic range is good. the Defy Pro plays most games well. But it slows down with larger games. Browsing on the Defy Pro is good and I didn't run into any sites that it could not handle: Your mileage may vary. My biggest issue with this phone is that it doesn't display some apps in correct orientation. 
I have bought the IPhone yesterday. This IPhone is more beautiful than my old Samsung. It has a wonderful design. The battery is also long enough to me. It lasts over 1 day without charging. The screen is also nice and bright. It looks luxurious. This product is a good buy.