My Nokia 3220 phone is a huge letdown in functionality.  First, I bought it for the camera.  The camera does not allow me to send pictures.  Or my settings, that came with the phone are not sufficient.  This is one of the best reasons to have a camera phone. The 2nd unique feature that I was so excited about was the FM radio function.  My phone does not have that capability either.  Even after sending one back and receiving a brand new phone (exact model as first), no FM function.  Now I don't have options but to contact Nokia direct, which I don't think I should have to do with a brand new phone.  So I am not impressed with this model and do not recommend it.  I was a huge Nokia fan until this phone.
I have owned the N3220 phone for about 6 months now.  I talk about 3500 minutes a month, send and receive about 20 emails a day.  The phone has a bunch of great capabilities and is occasionally a great work companion.  The wide screen is excellent for viewing.  The CPU functions work a little slow which could be expected from such a small package.  The frustrating part is the phone frequently works slow as well.  About once a week it is necessary to take out the battery and let it sit for a minute before turning the phone on.  The phone takes a couple minutes to turn on.  Overall, it seems slow and unstable which overshadows all of its great features.  Reminds me of Windows 98.
My LG C1300 is a really small, clamshell phone with a part that looks like a mirror on top. It includes most basic features including text messaging, multimedia messaging, media mall, and everything you need to download wallpaper, games, ringtones, and applications straight from Cingular. It has an awesome battery life, but you can't always trust the battery monitor... sometimes it will display one bar left, and you'll have 2 days left. Call quality has been really good, and I know that sometimes I have bad reception... but that is the network, not the phone. Overall, I love my LG C1300 although now I wish I might have had a camera phone, but this phone is awesome for all the features and the minimal price involved.
We purchased A Motorola V3 GSM Razor phone for a trip to Turkey and Greece. The phone did not work in Turkey but it did in Greece, so I believe it was the service and not the phone. My complaint is the camera. After documenting our trip with the camera, we now find we unable to download the pictures without purchasing, at additional cost, software and USB cable from Motorola. Ridiculous!
The Nokia 2610 is gorgeous, and the buttons are easy for typing on. The only downside of this device is the Windows software. It reminds me of Windows 1998 - limited error messages and a very buggy version of Internet Explorer.
After having had this S6 in 18 months or so, my final impressions on the phone are: It's quick, good fast processor. Screen is very good, better than average outdoor in sun, and shows nice detail for pictures, videos and the such. Phone body is slippery. It's not a good phone to hold in your hand. Battery life is fair. I never felt comfortable leaving home all day without a charger handy. To me this is reason enough that I would not purchase this phone again. After nearly 18 months, battery is dead. It will not recharge. Only solution is to get the phone to service to replace the battery. It will cost me $200 as I have phone insurance. Lesson learned: don't ever get a phone which doesn't have a rechargeable battery, ever again.
I've not had the S6 for over a week. The screen is fantastic. My monthly google calendar shows up on 1 screen, and it's easy to read all the events on it. I can actually use the phone in bright sunlight, something I haven't been able to do well with prior cell phones. There was a Samsung push update which appears to have helped the battery life, and I for that reason have raised the rating from 3 to 4 stars. The battery now lasts me all day, with casual uses. If you are a heavy user, this phone will not last you all day without a re-charge by 2 PM. The good news is that a 10-15 minutes recharge will give you a 30-40% or so battery boost and the phone can be >90% in about one hour. I still do not recommend the phone for heavy app users. You'll need to consider the Samsung note or the Droid phones as I can't see the S6 lasting past 2 PM for those individuals.
Great phone for a great price. This phone was almost in a new like state when I bought it from Amazon. I love the Samsung Galaxy S6, I have had the S3 for years now and just upgraded and let me tell you it is like night and day. Great phone, quick at opening emails & such, the screen can be seen outside in the sun light. This phone is like taking a small computer around with you all the time. I do wish the sound was louder, even with the ring tone set at high level I still don't hear it all the time unless I am close by. I would for sure buy this product again!
I really liked my Samsung Galaxy S4 but the S6 is better without changing things unnecessarily. I recommend maxing out the memory at 128GB as you can't add more later. I hope the battery holds up since it can't be changed by the user. Voice recognition works much better on the S6 than the S4. The operating system seems much quicker and less buggy as well.
I bought my Galaxy S7 Edge and paid full price for it less than 7 months ago. Now the phone is presenting a hardware problem which was already acknowledged by Samsung that it is a factory problem, what means, they know it is their problem and that they are supposed to get it fixed or exchanged. However, because it is an "Unlocked International Version", no Samsung authorized service would even touch the phone. Not even if I am paying for the service. So, now I have a USD 800 paper weight worth nothing at all. I hope Samsung is reading this. I have been a Samsung loyal customer since Galaxy S2 and now I am dropping this "Loyalty" for a Windows Phone (after wasting my money with a "Samsung Flagship", a Windows Phone is all I could afford to buy). Thanks Samsung, you have made an (ex) customer really unhappy!
I purchased this S7 edge back in March. After two months, it started showing some screen color issues with annoying purple stripes all over the screen and the cellphone itself feels hot. I had to set the brightness to the maximum to temporarily "avoid" screen issues. And what's worse, the screen just died completely and I can't even turn off this phone since the screen is no longer functioning. Now I am trying to return this failed S7 edge and get my money back and never want to buy any Samsung product again.
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4. Plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize well which makes it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
This S7 saved me two hundred dollars. I was accidentally pushed into a creek and after taking the battery out and drying it for a day the phone booted right up. I don't recommend this but I had taken the charging cover, which seals the port from water, off because it was hard to remove. The screen shift, home and back buttons feel simply awesome and are a good tradeoff for the fingerprint reader. The battery life could be better. The screen could be superb instead of just good. But that's nitpicking. This phone is perfect for someone who wants a good, sim card accessible, removable battery phone. Someone who doesn't want to pay top dollar for the latest model. Very happy with this purchase.
The memory space on this S5 is not expandable; of this, I was not aware. I am an avid pic taker and this apparently has filled up my photos. My husband has another galaxy phone he loves. His is expandable. My camera has never seemed as great as the claims and my microphone is crackly if I am on speaker, therefore I cannot use it.
The IPhone 6Plus is a huge phone! It can be bully to carry, or even just using it in your hand. But there are many features to out weight this. Coming from the IPhone 5s I still see a major increase in CPU and graphics power. Another amazing feature about this phone is the camera. Although it is only 8 megapixels, it still can take better pictures than most of its Android competitors. The battery life on this phone is amazing. I can go all day on heavy use with lots of apps, web, and texting and still end the day with 40% battery. Doing that on my IPhone 5s was impossible. I would usually have to charge in the early afternoon on days like that. Since buying this I don't feel that I need to use my iPad as much. There are some apps that don't work on the phone so I have to use the iPad but probably at least 75% of my web browsing and amazon shopping is done on this device.
The iPhone 6Plus is the best phone on the market. From start to finish, this phone rocks all day long. The battery life is great, even with very heavy use. The camera is unmatched. It may only be 8MP, but the software makes a huge difference. You've seen all the reviews on the device, so what I really want to say is that it's really not too big for daily use. When not compared side by side to another IPhone, people constantly believe it's the smaller version.
Love my IPhone 6Plus. It is a little hard to hold the phone in the right angel to hear from the earpiece at first. I found myself using my Bluetooth more often now than I ever have. Other than that this phone is just so beautiful. Picture quality is great. Watching a movie or browsing on the web, photos and video are excellent. No issue with texting with small hands. My daughter has been using my iPad 2 for a while and I have no need to use it now with this big screen phone. It has a very fast processor, no regret at all. Absolutely love it.
I can't believe this IPhone 6Plus outperformed the Samsung Galaxy S7 that it is much faster and even the camera quality is much clearer and sharper than the Samsung Galaxy S7. Even the durability is so much better than the Samsung, not a crack or scratch. The screen is so much bigger and sharper than the Samsung, the Samsung S7 is a crappy Windows phone and the IPhone has more apps. Even it is thinner and lighter. Even the speaker has more bass and much louder than the Samsung S7!
I tried this SE out today and I think it is a great phone. It's fast like my IPhone 6s but smaller, I liked the IPhone 5s size. I had the IPhone 5s and loved it but then updated to the IPhone 6a. The SE looks just like the IPhone 5s but with more speed. The camera is like my IPhone 6s. So if you want to go back to having a phone that fits in your pocket, this is the one!
I love my Note 3, it's bigger than my S3 but it's not as big as the mega phone but it's just right for me, I haven't learned everything about the phone but I do love the pen that comes with the phone, it does a lot. The camera is nice and much clearer.
The Note 3 is a lot bigger than my HTC EVO but somehow it's lighter. It's very fast and has so many features that an IPhone5 can't touch. I love the camera features and it takes great pictures. This is the best smart phone on the market.
Bought the Nexus 6 during black Friday to replace my aging S4. Everything about it is better than the S4 except video recording. The Nexus 6 has a horrible video camera. It cannot focus on moving objects. I like to take videos for Instagram and this phone is absolute trash when it comes to videos. It constantly tries to focus and this leads to blurry videos. Besides the video problem, the phone is great. The phone has longer battery life than the S4 and also much faster.
I was a bit worried that the phone would be too big. Honestly, The Nexus 6 is a bit bigger than most phones but I can tell you that within 5 minutes I got use to the size and I absolutely love my phone. The screen is big enough for everything and the speakers are awesome. I am happy I made the decision to get this instead of the Nexus 5. I don't think I need a phone smaller than the Nexus 6 right now.
Honestly, I love the Nexus 6 but sometimes the speaker volume is very low even when it's turned up. It happens even when I am in a very quiet place. Also my battery does not last for 24 hours, it last for about 6-8 hours. Otherwise, it charges super fast, takes great pictures and overall is very fast.
I got the Nexus 6 for my mom and it's really awesome. The display quality is great. The screen size is big. The battery life is very good. No bloatware--just Android in its pure form. HD Audio Calling on T-Mobile works like a charm. Front facing camera quality could be better but at this price point it's very acceptable. Rear facing images are good but not great when compared to leading flagships phones. Most people will be very satisfied with the image quality. I give it an 7.5 per 10 compared to an IPhone 6S.
Nexus 6 is an amazing phone for $250. I wanted to get the Nexus 6P but to be honest the Nexus 6 still does an amazing job. Compare to the price of the Nexus 6P, this is a better deal. Fast charging, wireless charging, great speed, amazing display, latest OS marshmallow 6.0.1 and an ok camera, you can't go wrong with this phone. I guess the biggest con is the cameras, rear is ok but the front is just awful.
The Nexus 6 is a great phone, but is not for everyone. Firstly, it is huge. This is a reason I wanted it, but can be very unwieldy for most. Secondly, it runs stock Android 6.0 Marshmallow. I enjoy the clean, simple design which Google has created. Many would rather have the feature rich skins which non-Nexus devices ship with. Other than these possible set backs, the Nexus 6 is a great flagship device. It contains all of the top specs expected on a new phone. The build quality was quite premium and the AMOLED screen is a joy to use. Since the price has been dropping recently, this is an exceptional buy. If you enjoy stock Android and ridiculous screen size, this is the phone for you.