I love this phone! I was debating between the regular S5 and the S5 Active phone, and I'm so glad I chose the Active. I've dropped my phone some times already and not even a dent or scratch on it.
I upgraded from an S3 and am very happy with my S5. I only have a couple of complaints, the first of which is the replacement of the menu/options button with a recent apps button. This was already easily accessible by holding the home button for about 1 second so I'm not sure why it needed its own dedicated button. My other complaint is the size. It no longer fits comfortably in my pocket or car drink holder but then again, I knew it was big when I ordered and got it for its supposed durability. Overall, it's a great phone with a bright, crisp display and fast processor.
I have only been using this Galaxy S5 for a few days so far, but I have wteaked all the settings and checked out all of the features. My previous phone was the Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket, so I skipped a few generations in between there. The S5 Active phone is definitely a huge improvement over the S2! My only disappointment with this phone, and it is very minor, is that I had thought the black bumpers around the edges were going to be more rubberized. They are not. They are hard, matte plastic. It makes me think that if it were to hit the ground hard enough, those black pieces would crack. I will probably end up buying a case of some sort, just for a little extra protection.
I just received the S5 on Saturday so I haven't had a chance to get to most of it but this is the best phone I've ever owned. I'm a musician and the music player is superb and this is the first phone with a strong Bluetooth. I can't get it to disconnect to either my Active2 ear buds or my Sony DR-BT50 over the ear headphones. Every other phone I've owned, a Behold, Exhibit and two Galaxy SII's all disconnect if you get a body part in the way. I'm finally happy with BLUETOOTH. The phone's screen is beautiful and there aren't many HD Glass protector's yet that are affordable. I purchased a SUPCASE for it but it made it to large and heavy for me so I returned it and am waiting for an Exact Soft Gel skin to protect it as it is somewhat slippery to the touch. I've owned two different Galaxy SII's and this is blazing fast compared to those two. It seems a bit more user friendly also. I'll update this when I have more to say but for now.
I bought a refurbished version of this S5. Never again will I buy anything electronic that has been refurbished. It was great at first, but now, only 5 months of having it, had developed extremely annoying issues. Some of which are costing me time doing my job. At times, the Internet connection dies and the icon disappears from the status bar (even with a solid digital signal). It does not return on its own. I have to restart the phone each time. Average rate of occurrence is twice weekly. But now, in the last couple of days, the speaker will not play any sound at all. Especially for the price it cost. Never ever again.
This S5 is little, fast and it has crystal clear screen and voice. Plusly it’s easy to use. I have vision and hearing loss. This phone is great for people like me when set up to Easy mode. Battery life is outstanding, add wireless charging, no cables to mess with, just pick it up and talk! YES! I am blown away to say the least! Lastly my iPhone friends have all fallen in love with it. Added a clear case from Amazon. Buy this phone!
My S5 is an excellent phone with dual sim capability. This phone seems to be intended for middle eastern market. One disadvantage of this phone is that it does not support Samsung pay, which is only supported on the US models of S7. Other than that, everything is exactly the same. The US model does not offer dual sim capability. The phone came in a completely sealed box and the box had no signs that indicated that it was opened before being shipped out.
The S7 is a very good smartphone. It is exactly what I expected and works fine with my carrier in USA (T Mobile) and outside US too. However, the slot for the 2 Sim card is the same that carries the expandable memory. So you will not be able to use the memory at the same time with the 2 Sim cards. This is very disappointing! In the S5 with double Sim card, you're able to have both Sim cards and expanded memory working all together.
I've owned many different phones over the years. My first real smart phone was a Samsung S3 and was a great phone. I recently purchased a S7 Edge phone and can say it is the best phone I've ever had. I recommend getting the International version like mine. All the chatter about it on the Web is spot on. It is the fastest, smoothest, best of everything in a smart phone that money can buy today. My only complaint is that TouchWiz needs more work. I really want to use it but ended up back to Nova launcher to get basic features, like vertical app drawer scroll and such. TouchWiz needs more features control to truly be useful. However, this has nothing to do with how wonderful the S7 Edge International 935FD truly is!
I upgraded to the S5 from a Galaxy Note 3 and it is loads better - faster; better screen; much better camera. The display is so clear and colorful, it is simply a joy to hold and behold. Any drawbacks? You do have to hold it carefully so you aren't pressing the wrap-around screen and confusing it with what you want to do. Worth it? You bet.
I purchased this Galaxy S5 to replace my malfunctioning HTC One M7. At first glance I have to say the screen is gorgeous. I have watched Youtube videos and other short clips and was amazed at the crisp color and motion. When taking photos, the pictures were nice. When I zoomed in on the phone I did start to notice some minor pixelation so I will most likely stick to my Sony DSLR if I really what to take distant shots. I have a few games that I play and the controls are seamless and react with un-noticeable delays. I have used the fingerprint login for my phone but I can’t get it to consistently work. Calls are clear and I like the volume boost option although it is disabled for my Bluetooth headphones. The battery life is fair with the phone. Overall, I am highly impressed with this product and I am hopeful that it will last for many years to come.
Everything you've read about this S5 is true. It is amazing. The screen is second only to the S7, the camera is arguably the best on the market, and it is a monster in battery life and performance. Silver Titanium is undoubtedly the best color. Absolutely stunning. If Samsung found a way to implement stereo audio, it would be perfect, but it makes up for what it lacks in sound quality in its relative loudness and top of the line headphone output. Rest assured that you are buying the best phone on the market right now.
This is the best cell phone I have. The size is almost the same as Samsung S5, except the format edge give us a very pleasant touch and view! The camera is exceptional, have auto focus and it is impossible to have bad pictures. The only problem is that it is so sensitive that a single harder touch can become multiple pictures. This is definitely the best Samsung S series phone, and if the money is not the problem, forget the S7 and go to the S7 Edge phone!
The phone itself works nice, very smooth and lots of storage. I've already dropped my LG several times and it has not cracked. It's very durable. The biggest drawback is definitely the camera. It's absolute garbage. If you're not looking to take high quality photos, then this is a really great phone overall. But if you’re looking to take really nice pictures, I'd keep looking for something else.
I upgraded to the LG Stylo 2 from my old Galaxy S3 and I have been very happy with the LG. I spent time comparing it to the other available Virgin phones, and the Samsung J7 is closest in specs, but significantly more expensive. For me the large screen was the biggest selling point and that coupled with the lower price sold me on the Stylo 2. This phone is very responsive, quick, and an all-round good performer. Battery life is superb, I can keep that big screen on for hours and still have 60-70% charge. And the phone has sufficient on-board memory to hold plenty of apps, photos, and music.
Loving my Stylo 2 with Virgin Mobile. It is everything I was expecting and more. Wonderfully large format screen, good resolution, great camera and plenty of storage (an issue with my previous phone). The phone is quick, responsive and the audio quality is first rate. The incredibly slim design really necessitates a good case with some grip or you could easily loose hold of it. I got a lovely fold over case that is doing the job beautifully. I couldn't be happier with this phone. Excellent, and I mean excellent value for the cost!
Stylo 2 is great. Nice big screen. Battery could be better and camera is ok. Wifi works good. Talk is good and clear. Wireless charging would be nice. Overall a great phone for the price. If you are looking for a fast processor phone, this is not for you. You need to pay the higher price for a better phone but if you do a few apps and few games you will be ok.
Good upgrade from the first Stylo. It has some features that the Stylo 1 did not. This includes more internal memory. I would say if you have the Stylo 1, the Stylo 2 may take time to grow on you as some features are different. Either phone is great but the Stylo 2 has doubled the internal memory than the Stylo 1. I would recommend either phone and Virgin Mobile.
Stylo 2 is a great phone. It is very fast with plenty of storage for apps. SD card slot is good for storing music, videos, and pictures. I thought the camera was fine for a phone. The screen looks great for a 5.7 inch. Sound was loud and ok. Stylus is a plus and works well. Only one thing I see maybe a problem is screen may break very easy on even small drops. I got a heavy duty case to protect it. I did play a few games on it with no problems. Phone also has an easy mode that is good for people that don't like a lot of confusion and tend to get frustrated with technology.
Stylo is great. I love the size and clarity of the screen. Takes great HD pics. Would definitely recommend for the price and shipping was fast. Battery lasts me all day and I am always on phone. Phone storage is a small amount but get the 32gb SD card and you will be fine.
I like the Galaxy Note 4 because it is neat and has good features. I left it by accident in my car and the heat caused the screen to go white. Fortunately, I removed the battery and cooled down the phone. When I put it back together, it worked perfectly. I also dropped it once and it was surprisingly sturdy although I plan never to let that happen again. I plan to have this phone for a while! I would recommend it.
This phone is very slim, cute and easy to use. Galaxy Note 4 is a flip phone and can be opened easily with one hand. Setting up this phone was a piece of cake. It came with an adaptor plug which can fit any A/C plug. The only negative is that it didn't come with a driver CD and a data cable. A big plus was that it was unlocked and was able to accept any SIM card. Great phone!
The Galaxy Note 4 is an awesome, capable, gorgeous phone. It can do so much. From business to gaming, it covers at all. The screen is gorgeous. The CPU is fast. You can add storage space (unlike the Note5) I got mine for a killer price and I love it!
I recently got the Note 4 and have been using it for a week and it works pretty well. It came in really clean and I only saw one tiny scratch but it wasn't really noticeable at all. I love my new phone and plus, I got it for a cheap price while it looked brand new! However, the screen was kind of weird appearing because it had a little faded label inside of it? But that wasn't really noticeable. Overall, I think this phone has all 5 stars of functionality, appearance, and shipment too! I really recommend this to the other customers and they won't regret on buying it!
The Note 4 is a great phone. I really love the camera and the stylus. I have not had many problems. The only problem I had was with the battery, it would not hold a charge, but the seller sent me a new battery and it works great! I have taken many photos and they all turned out great. The front facing camera has a built in face tuning software so it helps with hiding blemishes and does it automatically, but you can turn it off if you do not want it. I love how fast the phone is and it’s great for playing games, watching movies and everything. The 2K screen is amazing; movies, TV shows, YouTube and Netflix all look great on the screen. The screen is very responsive and fast moving, I actually enjoy the Touchwiz UI (User Interface). I do not have any complaints about this phone, I really love it and enjoy using it. I highly recommend this phone for anyone who is thinking about getting one.
I've been very pleased with this phone so far, the camera is great, the screen is very clear and easy to read. If you like big phones, the Galaxy Note 4 is the phone for you. I've had a few times where the screen would just go black, but it's just the app closing down, so I'm not sure about that. The phone had little to no scratches, in great condition. I'm glad I got it! And such a good price, too.
I've been using the Note 4 for three weeks now. It's a bit large but the screen size is very easy on my eyes. Operations are very quick and I appreciate having the 3 GB of memory. Haven't used the stylus yet, but I have used one on the Note 10.1, so I believe it will work the same. This is a refurbished phone and despite some scratches on the back surface, it looks good. I have housed it in a decent case to protect it, which added some weight, but overall I am very pleased with this phone.
The Galaxy Note 4 is my current phone. I switched from the Galaxy S5 which by the way is my favorite phone I have ever owned. The Note 4 is a great phone, but compared to the S5 it falls short in many ways. The first being durability. I was comfortable carrying my S5 around without a case, I am an outdoors man and I had no worries of dropping the phone on the ground or in a river. The Note 4 is less durable and I find myself uncomfortable carrying it without a case on it. If you are in the market for a multitasking, S pen writing, large screen phone then the Note 4 is the choice for you! If you are looking for a more durable phone with a smaller screen then I say take a look at the S5.
I upgraded to the Note 4 from Galaxy S5, and I love this phone! I was a little concerned about the size, but now that I have had it for a while, it does not seem that big! The screen is beautiful and it is super fast! I have used the S pen a little, but not that into it yet. I am still learning all the bells and whistles, but from what I have learned so far I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that it is better than the IPhone 6Plus! Great phone! Great specs! Great camera! And excellent battery life! I highly recommend it!
Note 4 is a great phone! The speed of the processor is amazing. I have used IPhones and they do not even come close to this device. Android's OS paired with this device has made my life so much easier. The large screen size is great for my over 50 eyes! Do not get an IPhone, get a Note 4!
I love my Galaxy Note 4. I came from a LG G3 and it is by far the better phone. The battery life is really good for a large of screen as it has and even when I use my mobile Hotspot function, it doesn't drain as rapidly as other phone had in the past.
I've had my IPhone 6Plus since launch and it's served me very well. It fits my hand perfectly and trying to use a smaller phone now makes me feel like a giant. It's very fast and the 128 GB has lots of storage. The only problem is recently the touch screen hasn't been registering touch at times. The phone is almost two years old and I'm not exactly gentle with it, so I don't really blame the phone. Still a great phone.
When I look at the Zen phone, the first competitor that comes to mind is the Alcatel OneTouch Idol 3. It costs about the same money, and has very similar specs. The Zen pulls ahead with a processor that's about 30% faster, with dual SIMs and a slightly better camera. The Idol counters with its powerful stereo speakers which just happen to be the Zen's weakness and more durable finishes. One question mark is how diligent Asus and Alcatel will be when it comes to Android updates. I don't have any experience with Asus, but according to Wikipedia they've updated many of their recent phones from KitKat to Lollipop so I give them the advantage here. Still, while the Zen will attract a lot of notice because of its powerful processor and to a lesser extent, its dual SIMs, I think the Idol is a more balance package than the Zen. It still possesses enough for most people although it lacks the Zen's raw processing power. I guess it's more that the Zen has a significant weakness while the Idol doesn't. 
All in all, Asus has really shaken things up with the Zenfone 2. If it had a fancier badge on it, they could have charged double for it - it's a phenomenal value and is really going to make things tough for other companies. It's not just a powerful processor attached to a mediocre phone either. The display is also quite good. It's not quite flagship material but it's easily good enough for most users. It's as sharp as a flagship and colour is reasonable. The rest of the Zen however is a bit of a compromise. The plastic on the back cover is cheap and very easy to damage. Still, this is pretty minor, after all, how often do we take our SIM and MicroSD cards? Plus you can put the Zenfone 2 in a case and suddenly the cheap plastic isn't a big deal. As for the camera, it's not bad but it's not that great either, I'd say it's a good for the price point but not a great deal like the processor is. The Zenfone 2 really punishes the Moto G 2014 as far as value for your money goes and is a clear leader when it comes to bang for your buck.
The Samsung Galaxy A5 was released in Canada recently. The biggest feature is the metal frame which makes it very solid. You get a slick metal frame with a plastic back. It's a budget phone with expensive clothes. The edges are chamfered edge like the Galaxy Alpha or the Note 5. I like how they ditched the Alpha's corner bulges. While it make the A5's body less interesting, it makes it much more comfortable to hold. The buttons are all quite good. They stick just enough and click nicely when you press them in. They also don't wobble when you half press them. The only downside to the A5 body is the plastic back. It's not glass like many other recent Samsung phones. In the end, the A5 is an entry-level phone with the body of a flagship phone. It's like a hotdog served with a side of caviar, an Armani blazer with a pair jeans that have a hole in the seat. Still, if you can appreciate the exterior and don't have great processing needs the A5 could be an interesting choice.
The fact that the GS5 is from Samsung makes it the Z2's biggest competitor. The Z2's strongest points are the side-mounted camera button. The Z2 has slightly louder speakers, slightly better battery life than the GS5. It has a fingerprint reader for easier unlocking, a better looking screen and a removable battery. Between the two phones, I'd pick the GS5 for its brighter display and for the ease of use the fingerprint reader brings. That said, watch out because the GS5 doesn't use on-screen menu buttons so handling it can be tricky unless you stick it in a case.
For slightly less money, you can pick up the Nexus 5x. The 5x has a flagship-ish Snapdragon 808 while the A9 makes do with a mid-range 618. The 5x camera also takes the best still photos of any phone right now. It also has a slightly larger 2700mAh battery. Otherwise, the A9 has some pretty big advantages; it has a much nicer looking AMOLED display. 3GB of RAM is a little bit more convenient as is the 32GB of storage and MicroSD slot. I also find the front-mounted fingerprint reader more intuitive to use. While the A9's camera isn't as good as the 5x's, the HTC's optical image stabilization helps it take better looking video though it's limited to 1080P whereas the 5x goes up to 4K. However, the best thing about the A9 is its metal body. The brushed metal back feels like glass and has a sense of occasion sorely missing from the 5x.
For the same money you can pick up one of my favorite, the Idol 3. The Idol pulls ahead with a full HD display while the M4's is a more pedestrian HD. the Idol also has stereo speakers which sound better and an beefy 3000mAh battery. On the other hand, the M4's speakers, while not quite as good, are still pretty damn impressive in their own right. However, the M4's key advantage is it's water resistant. That plus the speaker make for a great combination in the shower. I'd personally pick the Idol 3 but you can't go wrong with either. The Idol's screen looks better and is noticeably sharper but the M4's water resistance is a very practical feature.
The 6p really improves on the previous one in almost all areas. The screen resolution is unchanged but it looks better. The speakers are improved, the battery is bigger and you can get it with more storage. However the biggest upgrade is the camera. Previous Nexus phones have never had great cameras plus they were usually crippled with Google's awful camera software. The 6p's camera is such a leap forward, it makes me completely re-think my opinions of Nexus phones.
For the same money on Virgin, you can pick up an Idol 3. The Vigor has a slightly bigger 5.2” display, removable battery and it's a more solid phone and you could argue that it also has a better badge. However, the Idol has a tremendous advantage in most other areas; most importantly, it has nearly 3x as much storage available when you first boot it up. While you have to do a bit of work to fill the Idol, the Vigor essentially comes with almost no free space.
While we're talking about cameras, the GS4 has a 13 megapixel unit while the 5s has 8 megapixels. However, the 5s' is a much more versatile camera. It does better in low light, focuses a little faster and has cleaner pictures. I guess when you're outdoors and the weather's nice and bright, the GS4 may hold a resolution advantage but that's about its only advantage. I will say that battery life on the GS4 is quite a bit better than the 5s. It has enough battery life to make it through most people's day. The 5s on the other hand needs a bit of help.
I think the HTC 10's rear camera is clearly better, in that it takes cleaner pictures. However, the G5's second wide angle camera opens up a lot of interesting possibilities. The display of G5 is much brighter than the HTC 10's. There is a difference between it and the HTC when you're outdoors in direct sunlight. The G5's wildcard over the HTC is its removable battery. If you plan on keeping the battery and just want to replace it quickly and cheaply down the road, a removable battery is a plus. I also find that the on-screen menu buttons also make the G5 a little easier to use.
In the end, the LG G5 is a slightly different take on the flagship than the rest of the market. The removable battery is a rarity in the high end and the extra wide angle camera is good enough that it's actually useful. the G5's also a bit more affordable than the GS7. While it lacks the GS7's water resistance, the G5's dual camera design make it interesting.
The HTC 10 is even more solid than the GS7 Edge. But it lacks its water resistance. The Edge has a much brighter display than the 10. It also loses a lot less light off-angle than the HTC. You also get noticeable better battery life with the Edge plus it runs noticeably cooler. The 10 takes better pictures but the Edge's launches and focuses a bit faster which makes it a bit more usable. Of course, while the 10 is a pricey phone, the Edge even costs quite a bit more than the 10. But I'd probably be pleased to go with the Edge.
The G5 is more interesting than the Edge. It's considerably more affordable. What I like about the G5 is that I find it much easier to use than the Edge. The on-screen buttons and lack of a curved screen just make it much easier to handle. The G5's display is pretty bright straight on but overall I think the Edge has a superior display.
The first phone that popped into my head when I thought of the GS7 was the Nexus 6P. The 6P has the optical image stabilization and water resistance. It has the new best Snapdragon 810 SoC and a dimmer screen. Then the 6P has a slightly better processor than the GS7. That said, it counters with a bigger screen, a better fingerprint reader. Another upside to the 6p is that it's easier to use. The GS7 is just too sculpted for my tastes. It really needs a thick case to be usable as I find myself constantly touching the screen or menu buttons by accident. I think you should get the 6P.
The Nexus 5 has been around for 2 years now. That said, it has aged well. While the 5x lacks optical image stabilization, I'd say it's an all-around better phone. If you liked the 5 for its reasonable size, note that the 5x is quite a bit larger. It has a much bigger top and bottom though the screen is only 0.2” bigger. On the 5x, I get the feeling it's more to accommodate Google's design language.
If you don't want something with expandable memory take a look at the LG G4. The G4 has a MicroSD slot. The G4 is cheaper than the Note 5. It has a convenient removable battery and while the back isn't quite as elegant as the Note 5's glass. I do think that the G4 is an easier phone to use because the bezels are more reasonable. I think that the Note 5 should cost more than the G4. But I don't know why it is so expensive like that. Really, unless you absolutely must have a Samsung you're probably better off with a LG G4.
I actually really like Motorola G as I have it now. The Motorola G has so far had better battery life than a LG G4 and also the HTC One M8. It has very good RF performance. I tried the Zenfone 2 but I sent it back and did not like it.
The 635 has a much better screen than the Desire. It has nice colours and respectable viewing angles though it has a low resolution display. I can live with a low resolution display if it looks nice. The 635's camera is only 5 megapixels but it actually takes pretty photos.
It's hard for anyone to beat the Nexus 5. On paper, the only advantage the S1 has is a larger display, a microSD slot and a slightly larger battery. The Nexus has better resolution than the S1. So it is noticeably sharper. The Nexus also has a faster SoC, double the RAM. It also has a superior camera.
I've had the opportunity to use the Samsung Galaxy S5 and the new HTC One M8 extensively. To me, I prefer the S5 display. I do find the Galaxy S5 has more saturated display than the One's. It also has whiter whites and deeper blacks. The blacks are so deep on the GS5, I notice them even when don't have the 2 phones side-by-side. The whites on the other hand are not noticeable unless you're comparing directly.
My feelings toward Windows Phone devices have been stated many times before. I find them severely limited. Despite their smooth overall performance, I can never bring myself to them, because they just frustrate the hell out of me. Even when well-known apps are available for Windows Phone, they are often pale imitations of their Android or iOS counterparts.
The Ultra Z appeals to the bigger is better crowd.  It has a 6.44" display. Like the Z1, the Ultra Z is water resistant and dust resistant. While the Z1 feels nice and solid, the Ultra Z is too thin and has a really big foot print. It's not cheap feeling. It's just a weird shape. I compared it to my Huawei Mate which has a tiny 6.1" display and look how much smaller its footprint is next to the Ultra Z .
I'll admit, when the Note 2 came out, I wondered if we hit a point where phones would keep getting better but at a slower pace. While the Galaxy S4 was a good phone when it was released, it wasn't a huge jump forward from the Note 2. However, when Samsung unveiled the Note 3, it began to look like they were about to release a monster on the market. Let's check it out. The Note 2 is still a great device. Even a year after it came out, I don't have anything bad to say about it. In terms of hardware, the Note 3 is a huge step forward. First off, the Note 3 has the best SuperAMOLED screen ever. The Note 3 looks better and is brighter than the Note 2. It has better viewing angles, the colour looks nicer and it works better outdoors. The screen alone makes it worth the upgrade. The Note 2 is still a great device and if you're happy with it, keep it. But if you decide to upgrade, the Note 3 is a substantial upgrade and worth the money if you can swing it.
The Galaxy Note 3 has better display than the Note 2. It also has a better battery and processor. The Note 3 is lighter and thinner than the Note 2. It also has a full HD display, more RAM, faster CPU, and it looks way better. Samsung did great work with Note 3, and it is definitely worth the upgrade from the Note 2 to the Note 3.
The Xperia T feels a lot smaller and looks better than the GS3 and One X . I love the style of it, it is easily the best looking Xperia since the original X1 from a few years back. It doesn't just look good, it has a metal back that has a really slick paint job. It's grainy and rough so it's much more usable than the Xperia ION's slippery finish.
I got a chance to play with the Sony Xperia T. The T is known as the James Bond phone. The size-wise and the lack of hardware buttons allows the T to be a pretty compact phone. The T feels noticeably smaller than the GS2, One X, etc. It fits well in my hands, and is solid. The Xperia T feels much more special than the Xperia ION which was a bit of a brick. It has a matte finish that looks awesome. The curved back makes it really nice to hold. The paint job on the back feels fantastic - it reminds me of a fancy camera. It's hard to believe that the T has a 4.6" screen because it feels much smaller. 
The G is a really solid phone. There's no flex or twist at all when you squeeze it. Make sure you don't drop it! The display is a IPS LCD display. It looks amazing. It's sharp, has great viewing angles. Unfortunately it's been raining every day lately so I haven't had to chance to try it out in bright sunlight. The G has a really narrow bezel. It's not an easy phone to use with one hand because the screen is really big. If you get the G make sure you buy a case for it that has a raised lip around the edges.
Despite the G's monster processor, the camera's performance is a lot slower than the Galaxy Note II's or the Apple iPhone 5. The camera is not sensitive at all which means it struggles mightily indoors. It's extremely difficult to take sharp photos indoors without the flash. The G looks like it does well in this test but it's actually using a very slow shutter speed. There is a burst mode but it's similar to the Motorola RAZR's. You turn it on, press the shutter button and it takes around 6 photos. You can have the Optimus G shoot when everyone says "cheese". I didn't try this feature. While the G does a good job of capturing audio, video quality isn't that great.
The speaker is loud. I can hear it perfectly in most situations. Motorola has designed the speaker to be heard in loud areas. The camera is average. It takes good pictures, but AF is slow. The pictures have adequate details and their dynamic range is good. the Defy Pro plays most games well. But it slows down with larger games. Browsing on the Defy Pro is good and I didn't run into any sites that it could not handle: Your mileage may vary. My biggest issue with this phone is that it doesn't display some apps in correct orientation. 
I have bought the IPhone yesterday. This IPhone is more beautiful than my old Samsung. It has a wonderful design. The battery is also long enough to me. It lasts over 1 day without charging. The screen is also nice and bright. It looks luxurious. This product is a good buy.
My Nokia 3220 phone is a huge letdown in functionality.  First, I bought it for the camera.  The camera does not allow me to send pictures.  Or my settings, that came with the phone are not sufficient.  This is one of the best reasons to have a camera phone. The 2nd unique feature that I was so excited about was the FM radio function.  My phone does not have that capability either.  Even after sending one back and receiving a brand new phone (exact model as first), no FM function.  Now I don't have options but to contact Nokia direct, which I don't think I should have to do with a brand new phone.  So I am not impressed with this model and do not recommend it.  I was a huge Nokia fan until this phone.
I have owned the N3220 phone for about 6 months now.  I talk about 3500 minutes a month, send and receive about 20 emails a day.  The phone has a bunch of great capabilities and is occasionally a great work companion.  The wide screen is excellent for viewing.  The CPU functions work a little slow which could be expected from such a small package.  The frustrating part is the phone frequently works slow as well.  About once a week it is necessary to take out the battery and let it sit for a minute before turning the phone on.  The phone takes a couple minutes to turn on.  Overall, it seems slow and unstable which overshadows all of its great features.  Reminds me of Windows 98.
My LG C1300 is a really small, clamshell phone with a part that looks like a mirror on top. It includes most basic features including text messaging, multimedia messaging, media mall, and everything you need to download wallpaper, games, ringtones, and applications straight from Cingular. It has an awesome battery life, but you can't always trust the battery monitor... sometimes it will display one bar left, and you'll have 2 days left. Call quality has been really good, and I know that sometimes I have bad reception... but that is the network, not the phone. Overall, I love my LG C1300 although now I wish I might have had a camera phone, but this phone is awesome for all the features and the minimal price involved.
We purchased A Motorola V3 GSM Razor phone for a trip to Turkey and Greece. The phone did not work in Turkey but it did in Greece, so I believe it was the service and not the phone. My complaint is the camera. After documenting our trip with the camera, we now find we unable to download the pictures without purchasing, at additional cost, software and USB cable from Motorola. Ridiculous!
The Nokia 2610 is gorgeous, and the buttons are easy for typing on. The only downside of this device is the Windows software. It reminds me of Windows 1998 - limited error messages and a very buggy version of Internet Explorer.
After having had this S6 in 18 months or so, my final impressions on the phone are: It's quick, good fast processor. Screen is very good, better than average outdoor in sun, and shows nice detail for pictures, videos and the such. Phone body is slippery. It's not a good phone to hold in your hand. Battery life is fair. I never felt comfortable leaving home all day without a charger handy. To me this is reason enough that I would not purchase this phone again. After nearly 18 months, battery is dead. It will not recharge. Only solution is to get the phone to service to replace the battery. It will cost me $200 as I have phone insurance. Lesson learned: don't ever get a phone which doesn't have a rechargeable battery, ever again.
I've not had the S6 for over a week. The screen is fantastic. My monthly google calendar shows up on 1 screen, and it's easy to read all the events on it. I can actually use the phone in bright sunlight, something I haven't been able to do well with prior cell phones. There was a Samsung push update which appears to have helped the battery life, and I for that reason have raised the rating from 3 to 4 stars. The battery now lasts me all day, with casual uses. If you are a heavy user, this phone will not last you all day without a re-charge by 2 PM. The good news is that a 10-15 minutes recharge will give you a 30-40% or so battery boost and the phone can be >90% in about one hour. I still do not recommend the phone for heavy app users. You'll need to consider the Samsung note or the Droid phones as I can't see the S6 lasting past 2 PM for those individuals.
Great phone for a great price. This phone was almost in a new like state when I bought it from Amazon. I love the Samsung Galaxy S6, I have had the S3 for years now and just upgraded and let me tell you it is like night and day. Great phone, quick at opening emails & such, the screen can be seen outside in the sun light. This phone is like taking a small computer around with you all the time. I do wish the sound was louder, even with the ring tone set at high level I still don't hear it all the time unless I am close by. I would for sure buy this product again!
I really liked my Samsung Galaxy S4 but the S6 is better without changing things unnecessarily. I recommend maxing out the memory at 128GB as you can't add more later. I hope the battery holds up since it can't be changed by the user. Voice recognition works much better on the S6 than the S4. The operating system seems much quicker and less buggy as well.
I bought my Galaxy S7 Edge and paid full price for it less than 7 months ago. Now the phone is presenting a hardware problem which was already acknowledged by Samsung that it is a factory problem, what means, they know it is their problem and that they are supposed to get it fixed or exchanged. However, because it is an "Unlocked International Version", no Samsung authorized service would even touch the phone. Not even if I am paying for the service. So, now I have a USD 800 paper weight worth nothing at all. I hope Samsung is reading this. I have been a Samsung loyal customer since Galaxy S2 and now I am dropping this "Loyalty" for a Windows Phone (after wasting my money with a "Samsung Flagship", a Windows Phone is all I could afford to buy). Thanks Samsung, you have made an (ex) customer really unhappy!
I purchased this S7 edge back in March. After two months, it started showing some screen color issues with annoying purple stripes all over the screen and the cellphone itself feels hot. I had to set the brightness to the maximum to temporarily "avoid" screen issues. And what's worse, the screen just died completely and I can't even turn off this phone since the screen is no longer functioning. Now I am trying to return this failed S7 edge and get my money back and never want to buy any Samsung product again.
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4. Plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize well which makes it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
This S7 saved me two hundred dollars. I was accidentally pushed into a creek and after taking the battery out and drying it for a day the phone booted right up. I don't recommend this but I had taken the charging cover, which seals the port from water, off because it was hard to remove. The screen shift, home and back buttons feel simply awesome and are a good tradeoff for the fingerprint reader. The battery life could be better. The screen could be superb instead of just good. But that's nitpicking. This phone is perfect for someone who wants a good, sim card accessible, removable battery phone. Someone who doesn't want to pay top dollar for the latest model. Very happy with this purchase.
The memory space on this S5 is not expandable; of this, I was not aware. I am an avid pic taker and this apparently has filled up my photos. My husband has another galaxy phone he loves. His is expandable. My camera has never seemed as great as the claims and my microphone is crackly if I am on speaker, therefore I cannot use it.
The IPhone 6Plus is a huge phone! It can be bully to carry, or even just using it in your hand. But there are many features to out weight this. Coming from the IPhone 5s I still see a major increase in CPU and graphics power. Another amazing feature about this phone is the camera. Although it is only 8 megapixels, it still can take better pictures than most of its Android competitors. The battery life on this phone is amazing. I can go all day on heavy use with lots of apps, web, and texting and still end the day with 40% battery. Doing that on my IPhone 5s was impossible. I would usually have to charge in the early afternoon on days like that. Since buying this I don't feel that I need to use my iPad as much. There are some apps that don't work on the phone so I have to use the iPad but probably at least 75% of my web browsing and amazon shopping is done on this device.
The iPhone 6Plus is the best phone on the market. From start to finish, this phone rocks all day long. The battery life is great, even with very heavy use. The camera is unmatched. It may only be 8MP, but the software makes a huge difference. You've seen all the reviews on the device, so what I really want to say is that it's really not too big for daily use. When not compared side by side to another IPhone, people constantly believe it's the smaller version.
Love my IPhone 6Plus. It is a little hard to hold the phone in the right angel to hear from the earpiece at first. I found myself using my Bluetooth more often now than I ever have. Other than that this phone is just so beautiful. Picture quality is great. Watching a movie or browsing on the web, photos and video are excellent. No issue with texting with small hands. My daughter has been using my iPad 2 for a while and I have no need to use it now with this big screen phone. It has a very fast processor, no regret at all. Absolutely love it.
I can't believe this IPhone 6Plus outperformed the Samsung Galaxy S7 that it is much faster and even the camera quality is much clearer and sharper than the Samsung Galaxy S7. Even the durability is so much better than the Samsung, not a crack or scratch. The screen is so much bigger and sharper than the Samsung, the Samsung S7 is a crappy Windows phone and the IPhone has more apps. Even it is thinner and lighter. Even the speaker has more bass and much louder than the Samsung S7!
Nexus 6 is an amazing phone for $250. I wanted to get the Nexus 6P but to be honest the Nexus 6 still does an amazing job. Compare to the price of the Nexus 6P, this is a better deal. Fast charging, wireless charging, great speed, amazing display, latest OS marshmallow 6.0.1 and an ok camera, you can't go wrong with this phone. I guess the biggest con is the cameras, rear is ok but the front is just awful.
The Nexus 6 is a great phone, but is not for everyone. Firstly, it is huge. This is a reason I wanted it, but can be very unwieldy for most. Secondly, it runs stock Android 6.0 Marshmallow. I enjoy the clean, simple design which Google has created. Many would rather have the feature rich skins which non-Nexus devices ship with. Other than these possible set backs, the Nexus 6 is a great flagship device. It contains all of the top specs expected on a new phone. The build quality was quite premium and the AMOLED screen is a joy to use. Since the price has been dropping recently, this is an exceptional buy. If you enjoy stock Android and ridiculous screen size, this is the phone for you.
The iPhone 5 is here, and it's arguably the biggest change in the series since the iPhone 4 hit the scene back. The iPhone 5 has a much faster processor than the iPhone 4. It also has a new better design and a larger screen. Apple has redesigned the lens - it's now a Sapphire lens, which should result in better image quality than the iPhone 4S can provide.
The Samsung Galaxy S7's display is very similar indeed to the S6's. That means, the Galaxy S7 has a more vibrant and sharp display than the iPhone 6S. It also has a faster CPU, improved battery, and a stunning-looking camera. As such, the Galaxy S7 is a more worthy than the iPhone 6S. It is an absolute beast of a smartphone that has a good design, performance, and camera.
Looking at the specs, the iPhone 5S is a lot less powerful than the Galaxy S5. It has a dual-core CPU instead of a quad-core one, only half the RAM (1GB) and a much slower clock speed. However, in reality the iPhone 5S offers pretty comparable power, not least because iOS is generally more efficient and controlled than Android. Much as you might think the iPhone 5S is a bit of a has-been because it has been around for a lot longer than the Galaxy S5, but it's actually about as powerful.
The Note 4 is a great phone. It's the second one in my household. There is really no downside to this phone. I even like the Note 4 better than the Note 5. It is a fantastic choice if you don't have too much money. Add the wireless charging back and you are good to go. Note 4 is the last Note model to have a user replaceable battery. Android Marshmallow works great on this device. I'll be using this until it falls apart.
The Note 4 is the best smartphone ever. I did a lot research, and when i saw the screen, I was still amazed at the gorgeous screen. It is totally unbelievable. I was using Galaxy S4 and the screen in Note 4 is so much better. The Note 4 is so much better in screen and in camera than the Note 3. It has a awesome camera quality. I still think this is the best phone ever on market. I personally like the back cover. It is not slippery. Some people say it is cheap plastic, but I consider it to be extremely practical. I had some slippery phones before and I always broke them by accident. This one is good. Probably, the Note 4 is the last of its kind of the best Samsung phones.
The Note 4 has a very clumsy cover. S pen is a complete joke. It is a hit and miss when it works. Camera quality of Note 4 is a bit better than IPhone 3. But the low light camera of it is at the worst quality. I have 7 different phones at home since I am a developer and I do not like this device over what it actually do. Some improvement has been made on quality compared to the Note 3 but it's very little. Their finger print scanner is a hit and miss. I recommend either Sony or LG over this one.
The Lumia is around 7% slower than the HTC Titan II. In fact, its AnTuTu benchmark score is only about 2.7% slower. The reason why the Lumia is better than you think is because it has a higher memory score. The Titan II is slightly higher but no one's going to notice unless you have them side-by-side.
I just got a Samsung Galaxy S III. My S III has a dual core processor. It is the same processor you find in the LTE HTC One X. The Galaxy III is pretty cool. It's a plastic phone, but it feels solid even though it's very light. The screen looks great. It is very sharp. I don't really notice that it's a pentile display with the default color scheme. The deep blacks really give the colors a kick.
The One S has a 4.3" display - that's pretty standard stuff. What's interesting about this display is that it's a Super AMOLED display. Like the One X, the One S has a dedicated camera processor and it shows in its speed. It focuses really quickly and has the fastest shot-to-shot speeds I have ever seen from a camera phone. I tested the headphone amplifier. The One S's headphone amplifier is slightly louder than my One X's. It also has a wise sound.
As far as competition, the first phone that come to mind is the Sony Xperia S. The Sony has a camera with more megapixels (though it's not a very good camera). On the other hand, the One S has a much faster processor than the Xperia S . I think it's a better overall package. Its metal body is more satisfying to hold while the smaller size makes it easier to use. The One S has a excellent display than One X. It also has the better processing power and audio capabilities. Clearly, the One S is more than the sum of its parts.
I find that the Galaxy S II HD LTE is more comfortable to hold than the Galaxy Nexus. However, it can get quite hot when there is an active LTE data session. as long as the colour is relatively accurate the display looks just fine to me. Don't forget that the screen has a really high resolution. My only complaints about the display are that it could be better outdoors or under bright lights. In synthetic benchmarks, the Galaxy S II HD LTE consistently scored lower than the Galaxy Nexus. Now I realize that it has a lower resolution display.
I love the Note 4. I had the Note 2 previously and loved it. The Note 4 has even more features. The Note 4 feels slimmer than the Note 2. It also fits better in my hand. I can't live without the stylus that comes with the Note 4.
Note 4 has much better build quality than the S5. I also feel much better to hold the Note 4 than iPhone 6Plus. The display of it is beautiful with high resolution. The battery life is also good, it comes easily for a day with normal usage. I had the iPhone 6Plus also for few days and the Note 4 has better battery life than the 6Plus. It also has convenient expandable memory and replaceable battery. Love it!
On to the Note 4. The screen is amazing, the resolution is incredible. The camera is solid, it has a nice quick shutter speed and it takes good pictures in most lighting situations. The sound is ok, nothing amazing but it's enough for the speakerphone to be solid and to hear music. The default Samsung keyboard, which is of course replaceable, is one of the better stock keyboards. If you're a storage buff then you'll be happy with the micro SD card slot, it adds so much functionality to the phone. I can't think of a reason not to recommend the Note 4.
Bought my Note 4 from ATT. This phone is worth the money. In my opinion, the Note 4 is definitely better than iPhone. It is big with a great screen, slim design, and amazing camera. The battery last all day on automatic brightness and when the battery does run low, the Samsung adaptive charger charges the phone really fast. Overall the Note 4 is such a great phone, I bought my girl this white one!
I converted from my Iphone to the Note 4. The Note 4 is gorgeous, works great, and has some of the best specs on the market. I love this phone and am glad I bought it at Amazon. The Note 4 is much more wonderful than IPhone 6Plus which I took back. It just can do so many great things.
Before upgrading to this Note 4, I had the Galaxy S5. I was very satisfied with my Galaxy S5, but I knew I would benefit from the larger screen and S pen that the Note 4 has to offer. Right when I took this phone out of the box, the feel of the Note 4 in my hand felt much more solid than the Galaxy S5. I love the matte trim and the leather back cover of this phone. After using it for a few days now, I absolutely love it. The display is much more vibrant and the screen is very responsive. The S pen comes in handy when taking notes. I realized that the camera was much better than the Galaxy S5. It is now much easier to focus on close objects. Note 4 is definitely one of the best Android devices you can buy right now.
The iPhone 6Plus is a huge phone! It can be bully to carry, or even just using it in your hand. But there are many features to out weigh this. I still see that the iPhone 6Plus has a better graphics power than the iPhone 5s. Another amazing feature about this phone is the camera. Although it is only 8 megapixels, it still can take better pictures than most of it's Android competitors. The larger pixels allow for more light to enter the sensor and optical image stabilization. The battery life on this phone is amazing. I can go all day on heavy use with lots of apps. Doing that on my 5s was impossible.
The Iphone 6Plus has a good price and functionality, except sound volume. Decent price. The volume of iPhone 6Plus is less than my 4s which had awesome clarity. However, I love this phone.
I bought this Nexus 6 to replace my previous Xperia Z3 which broke and wasn't worth fixing. I was really interested in a 6 inch phone with a 1440p screen. The Nexus 6 is definitely the biggest phone I have ever used, it would be considered a tablet. It is only slightly bigger than the Oneplus One. I have medium sized hands and didn't have any issues with carrying the phone. I was able to use it with one hand without too much trouble which was unexpected. In my opinion, the Nexus 6 had the best colors of the phones with its Amoled. With the 1440p screen, it was impossible for me to see the pixels, even when putting it right in front of my eyes. The Nexus 6 has good performance. The Nexus 6 should perform better than the Z3. However, I do issues with navigation of the operating system where it seems to slow down. The audio for the phone is ok. It wasn't anything special, but isn't terrible either. The external speakers were better than my Z3. With headphone, it is decent as well. The Nexus 6 is definitely better than the Z3 which suffered from very low volumes. It is about equal to the Oneplus One though. The M9 destroyed the Nexus 6 in both aspects. The battery life was pretty good. It wasn't as good as the Oneplus One, but was much better than the M9. The 1440p screen probably uses more power to use. Overall, I was satisfied with the Nexus 6. My only issue with it was the non-smooth navigation I was having, and the audio from the headphone. I would recommend this phone to people who are looking for a "phablet".
The Lumia 800 is a lot smaller than many top-of-the-line Android devices and I must say, it really fits nicely in my hand. The finish is quite smooth. The display appears to be a super AMOLED display. While the Lumia 800 has a pentile matrix, I don't usually notice it because the pixel density of the 800's display is pretty high so the dottiness isn't really noticeable. The camera has a 8mp sensor along with a LED flash. The camera isn't as good as the iPhone 4s' but it's still decent.
I Purchased the Nexus 6 from Amazon. Was said to have had several scratches and scuffs on it. I bought it to replace my Galaxy S6 Edge that I was growing tired of. Granted on paper, the Edge is better than the Nexus 6. But after having it for one day so far, everything about the Nexus 6 seems snappier and faster than my former Edge. I'm very pleased with the device.
By far and away, the Nexus 6 is the best Android phone I have had. The Nexus 6 is much better than the iPhone 6Plus. It does everything, very well. It's big, fast, plenty of RAM, and plenty of storage space.
I upgraded to the Nexus 6 from an S4. Love this Nexus 6, I got it on Black Friday. It's my first Nexus and I feel special. Only thing that bug me just a bit is that the front facing camera doesn't do well in low. The Nexus 6 is not better than my s4. However, it does take better pictures in normal lighting. Overall, I'm very happy with Nexus 6. My girlfriend got one too for Verizon. If you already have a nano Sim, just pop it in.
My Nexus 5 was dropped into water so I have to buy a new one. I choose the Nexus 6. I really love it! The screen is much big. The camera of the Nexus 6 is much better than the Nexus 5. It is a good deal!
I would rate the Q10 five stars but the camera quality sucks. It has a 2MP camera like the one I owned before. I like that the Q10 has a built in FM radio where you just plug in headphones and it works. I also like the flashlight. It is strong. I like that the phone is smaller. Wherever someone says that the battery sucks is wrong. The Q10 has all of the wrong descriptons everywhere. Just listen to this best phone ever.
I don't like where the power button of Lumia 920 is.  The battery life is rather poor.  I charge it every night and still have had it die on my twice in less than a month. Lumia 920 takes great pictures.  The screen is very sharp and it is easy to watch videos on. However, I want to admit Lumia 920 is by far better than the iPhone! Learn how to use, and it's amazing!
I purchased this Tracfone LG840G a few months ago. It really eats up the battery. I have to charge it every day. The screen leaves a lot to be desired because of it not being super fine resolution, but it is clear enough. The camera is only 2 megapixel and I thought that it would be poor quality, but even on the computer, the photos look decent. This Tracfone LG840G is just an inexpensive phone with decent features. Good enough for me, but I will certainly try something different when this one dies. If you have any questions I will try to answer them.
I have some problems with the LG 800G, so I ordered this Tracfone.  The Tracfone is easier to use than the 800G.  I have had no problems with this one.  I should have bought it first.
I was using the LG 800G for a while and I was very annoyed by the poor touch screen. I was over the fence whether upgrading to this newer LG 840G or not. Since the price of the LG 840G has dropped quite a lot recently and so I decided to give it try. Wow, I am so delighted to say that this LG 840G is a much better touch screen phone than the LG 800G. It is very responsive and the texting is so much easier. If you are considering this LG 840G, don't waste your time just buy it. You'll love it.
I am very pleased with the Samsung S3 we received.  It is a genuine phone.  I purchased this for my wife, she took it to the ATT store where they plugged in a sim card and set it up within 5 minutes.  No problems at all.  It has performed flawlessly even after being dropped on our tile floor. I even like some of the displays better than my S4 which is probably associated with the S3 operating system.  The price was in line with other sellers. The phone is shipped right away. I had read a number of reviews on this product advertised elsewhere on Amazon and was concerned about receiving a clone or refurbished phone as described by some other buyers.  However, I think that reviews may get bundled under specific product names so I suggest you just be sure what is being advertised for sale by the specific seller.  This ad was for a new S3 SGH-I747 (US model) ATT phone and that is exactly what we received.
The Samsung Galaxy S3 is one of the best phones I've ever used. I absolutely love the phone and the photo quality it has.
I've had my N8100 for about two years.  Dropped it on pavement, concrete, wood floors, etc. at least 30 times so it has a ton of scratches but it's held up very well.  My 2-year old has chewed on it, licked it, smacked it, etc. -- still no problems.  Signal has been solid, intuitive usability is very good.  My standard battery was great for the first 20 months (several hours of talk time, a week of standby) and just now is needing a charge every other day. I'll definitely buy a Sanyo N8100 again.
I have had the Sanyo 8100 phone from Sprint for about 14 months.  After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part. I have not dropped the phone or done anything else to warrant all the damage.  The hinge to flip open the phone has completely broken, first just one side broke and pretty soon the entire thing broke.  Then just yesterday the display completely stopped working as well.  According to Sprint, I am not eligible for a new phone for another 3-4 months so now I am going to be forced to spend about $200 just to get a new phone that will probably just break after a year.  I'm completely dissatisfied.  This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.
I know it sounds like I am exaggerating, but I honestly think this Sanyo 8100 is the worst purchase I have ever made in my adult life. From day one I had problems with reception, with the volume and with a constant "SIM Card Dislodged" error message of it. It only got worse over time. The display is essentially impossible to read in sunlight or even interior light brighter than a 60-watt bulb. The photos are awful. I've had the phone barely a year and it has essentially stopped working now. It'll be a cold day in hell before I give Sony Ericsson any more of my money.
This Sanyo 8100 is an excellent phone.  It has a very good color screen, it is well designed, the camera is pretty good for a phone, and it has numerous features.  For example, if you have a Palm Pilot or Pocket PC with an IR sensor, you can transfer phone numbers, to-do items, and more.  You can also record sound, apply themes to your background, and surf the web.  The phone has a very nicely laid out case and menu that is easy to navigate.  It also has a very quality feel when you hold it in your hand.  The only very minor problem with this phone is that the case smudges easily.  Sony includes a nice cloth to wipe it down with.  Besides that, this phone is incredible.  I got two of them under a family plan with ATT and have not been disappointed.  The price is ok, so I would give this phone a 5 out of 5.
The E105 looks amazing, and works even better. What I like most about it is the ease of use. I do not have the time to tinker with a gadget for an hour to find out how a particular thing works. With this phone, it is really easy to browse through the menu and find out what I am looking for. The PDA feature is also great. If you use your PDA strictly for business purposes, now you can easily do without it as the phone keeps track of all your appointments and phonebook just fine. The Bluetooth headset I installed also works fine and if the device is on, any call is transferred to the headset automatically. Overall, the phone is a good purchase but I am a little skeptical about AT&T service. From what I have seen, the coverage seems pretty limited (and if you call the customer service for any reason, expect to be on hold for a long time - about 10-20 minutes).
Previous to purchasing the E105 I was an S105 owner.  I loved that phone, but I had my pet peeves about it, the keys being connected on the keypad made it difficult to dial at times but as long as I wasn't driving this wasn't really an issue.  Yes it was hard to see the screen in daylight but I don't expect to see a crystal clear picture on a cell phone, they aren't mini laptops folks.  Although it was hard to read, it wasn't impossible.  Unfortunately, I went to a concert and lost that phone and replaced it with the E105.  I have no complaints, I live in a basement apartment and the S105 wouldn't get service, but the E105 gets one bar and picks up all my calls crystal clear.  I can hear the caller on the other line perfectly, my boyfriend has one as well and I can hear the whole conversation if I am sitting next to him in a room with mild background noise.  I haven't had any problems with the screen going black, only when the phone goes idle but you can change that option from the menu.  Overall I am pleased with this phone up to date, we'll see if it holds up.
I first fell in love with this E105 because it was compact and lightweight.  That's about all I love about the phone right now.  It has really bad reception, not to mention weird background noises on both incoming/outgoing calls.  T-Mobile sent a replacement after I told them of the problem, but it's still the same.  I would buy another phone right now if I had the money.  The wallpapers provided are not the best, and neither are the ringtones.  Sometimes there is a delay for the screen to show up when you flip for opening the phone. The phone is a nice organizer though.  Alarms are loud as well as the ringtones.  Screen is pretty bright.  Buttons are nice and crisp.  That's about all the good features of the phone.  Personally, I would not recommend anyone to buy this phone.
I've had the E105 for about 2 weeks now and I must say it is one of the best phones I've owned.  The included ringers are truly embarrassing to play in public, but it's easy to download new and free ringtones with the free WAP access that T-Mobile includes. The rings are very loud though, and the sound quality is superb... my ringer is currently a song with the voice and all! The sound quality is great, but I guess that depends on your location and service in your area.  T-Mobile includes free basic WAP browsing which I use every day on this phone, and for the people who can't access their favorites in T-Zones... all you have to do is hold down the pound button and your favorites will pop up. The battery life is mediocre, but I can't really complain since I'm always making a call, playing games, or browsing the web.  Overall this is an excellent phone. The people who complain about this phone really need to do their research before they blab. I downloaded new games, backgrounds, and ringtones for free.
I just received my E105 the other day and I must say that I'm more than impressed.  It is much smaller than it looks in the pics and has steel casing.  I was always worried about dropping a flip phone and doing extensive damage.... nothing to worry about with this baby.  The 65,000 color LCD is bright and clear!  There aren't the best song selections for ringtones, but the polyphonic sound is incredible and loud.  If you are looking for a phone with good reception, a stylish look, and a colorful screen, this is the one for you. It doesn't have tons of features like some of the other Samsung models, but who uses all that crap anyway.  I'm very satisfied!
The E105 is a great phone, I used it with my Cingular sim and had no problem with it. I switched to a prepaid plan and it works great. The camera is better than some phones I have seen. The 64MB memory stick is good for pics and music. The bad is you can't get it from any carrier in the states, only online.
After my Motorola V180 had acted up on me and frozen all the damn time, I had to get a new one and the Samsung X495 doesn't disappoint. The only bad thing about this phone is that I can't access the internet. Reception is great, and the battery life is long - it charges in two hours which is really great. So far I can go anywhere and still have excellent reception. The speaker phone is superb, not loud, it is so clear, but you have to use it with the phone open. It is sleek and small, very nice to carry and show off. It is the perfect girl phone. If you are looking for a basic phone that actually works, this is the phone you have been waiting for!
I got this Samsung X495 because the price was great, and it was easy to hold in my hand. This is my first cellphone, and I love it! I'd recommend it to anyone! A must-have for everyone who is getting their first cellphone. Easy to use, but you have to read the instruction manual first to learn about all of its features. Nice and bright screen with a nice loud ringtone. I hope you choose this phone if you're unsure of which Verizon Wireless cell phone to buy.
I am totally in love with this Motorola V300. This is the first phone that I could use without worrying if the signal is going to drop. It is so much more reliable and lighter than Z500. You plus it when you change faceplate, you don't have to worry about all the dust and faceplate slipping off. Sure it has a very sensitive camera button but I find it entertaining to see what pictures I have taken by accident. That's just me but oh well. You can't have your cake and eat it too.
I really like this V300.  It is cute, it is little, it's perfect for a young woman.  I had a Pocket PC prior to this and it was so complicated just making a call.  I wanted something simple, that wasn't a mp3 player (i have an iPod), that wasn't a professional camera (i have a nice digital cam), or a PDA (i have a PALM TX) … it's just simple and cute. It's Bluetooth compatible... although doesn't work that great with my Bluetooth, but I'm not sure if it's the headset or the phone. The ringer on it is super quiet... almost to the point you can barely hear it in your purse.  I'm grown accustomed to "listening" for the vibrating feature instead. I like how you can put a person's picture next to their name in your contact list. I can wear it in the back pocket of my jeans and it's comfortable. Sound quality is good, on both ends I dig it.  I'm sure you will too.
ok, I have had Verizon for less than two years and this V300 is my third phone.  It is fairly new so I have no complaints as of yet.  The reception is a lot clearer than the last one I had.  The fact that it has a camera is even greater.  I love taking pictures so this was perfect for me.  The picture quality isn't the best, but for a camera phone it is pretty good compared to the others I have seen. The buttons of the phone are larger than some so I don't have trouble hitting the wrong buttons.  I haven't had any difficulty with the battery at all, in fact the battery seems to last quite a bit longer than the last two phones I had.  I am looking forward to the next 2 years with this phone.
I got my V300 a few days ago and it is way better than the other one I had.  I do have to say that the features are awesome!  They are easier to use than my old phone. The camera is easy as pie to use.  It has a lot of memory. On the screen you can put pictures that you take with the camera option. Or you can download wallpapers for your background.  It is such a nice phone. You can store a lot of contacts in the contacts list. Basically I would recommend this phone for anyone.
I upgraded my phone two months ago from a Motorola V300 to this Nokia 6101 because I wanted a radio and a larger keypad. After one month, the radio no longer worked, the battery dies when it claims to be fully charged, it takes three tries to get it to connect when making a call, and sometimes the phone just freaks out and resets itself while you're in the middle of texting or surfing the web. It's flimsy. I've had my V300 for two years and everything still works on it. The Nokia 6101 has a lot of issues.
I have owned the Nokia 6101 since late October 2005. I absolutely love it! I wouldn't trade it for the world. My boyfriend even wanted me to trade it to get a Motorola Razr V3 like he has, which does have its own set of great perks, but I love my phone. There are a few games on there, the camera quality has great clarity, the FM radio works perfectly, and it has great reception on T-Mobile's GSM network. You can also use the recorder to record your own ringtones. It's great!
I recently purchased this N6101 and it is so much better than the last one I had! The only problem I've had so far is that it froze up once which can be fixed only by putting the battery back in.
This N6101 is awesome and has great features! I have had it for a year and it has given me no problem once! The ringtones are awesome! The camera quality is great and it has cool games that are fun that you can order. This phone really lets you show your style with features that let you pick your phone colors and online shopping for ringtones and wallpaper! It lets you adjust the phone volume and ringtone volume to your liking and the T-zones online shop has all the best artists and songs that gets everyone dancing, like Rihanna, Chamillionare and a lot more! So, if you want a reliable phone that lets you personalize and just be you, with so many cheap plans to choose from, then you should get the Nokia 6101 Phone (which is T-Mobile of course) because it is the best!
This Nokia 6101 is excellent.  The best I've had as far as reliability and signal - may be partly because of Cingular, too.  The buttons are a little hard to get used to, but it doesn't take long.  The screen is clear and easy to read, the battery stays charged for a good amount of time (especially if you don't use it to call anyone), and it is just an overall good phone.  I totally recommend it.
The Y210 is a 78-dollar phone. It is the cheapest Android phone you can buy. The plastic screen shows a lot of reflections and gets oily very easily. I haven't had a chance to use it under direct sunlight yet. You won't confuse it with the HTC One's display but it's actually not a bad display. The plastic on the back is hard and unpainted. It reminds me of the dash on my car. Still, overall the Y210 doesn't feel cheap. It doesn't creak or shift much when you squeeze it. One refreshing thing about the Huawei Ascend Y210 is that its small size makes it very easy to use with just one hand.
Besides the super high resolution, the GS4 display is simply better than the GS3 when it comes to colour and more importantly outdoor performance. The GS4's display is much easier to live with. While its colour is still slightly cool, it's much more normal looking, which will make it much easier to live with. Outdoor performance is a quantum leap forward over the GS3. The GS4's screen works much better than GS3'. Although it is not as good as the iPhone 5 or HTC One display in this sense, it is good enough. Under the sun, you don't really lose any functionality. I'd say the GS4's is the best Super AMOLED display yet. It is the best one since the Galaxy S2's.
Again, you can see what a difference the change in resolution makes with the Rugby. Even though the DEFY has a lower resolution screen, its GPU is much weaker than the one in the GS3 and Rugby. I still need to run my battery benchmarks but the Rugby has a relatively large 1850mAh battery and a sort-of-small 4” display so it should be able to make it through the day. Sound quality is good. It sounds clean and natural. Maximum earpiece volume is just slightly lower than my iPhone 5 so it's good in this regard. The speaker is very loud. You'll never miss any calls (unless you turn it off).
The Rugby LTE is a really niche product that doesn't have any competitors. While it lacks the bling of the GS3, it's fast. The screen isn't huge but I don't think it's too small. It is a good compromise since a bigger screen might make the Rugby too big. As for the price, it's a little harder to say. Since the Rugby is such a niche product, there isn't much to compare its price with. You can say that a Nexus 4 is a better deal but once you dunk a Nexus 4 in water or drop it on concrete, it'll probably be worth far less than the Rugby. After all, the Rugby is more powerful than the DEFY PRO and Xperia Go. It should be priced higher than them, right?
The X Plus have beats logos on it. However, HTC has clearly done some work on the X Plus in the headphone department. The X Plus's headphone is much louder than the X . It's clearly louder than the X although it is not as loud as the 8X I just reviewed. It's loud enough that you might need to get new headphones if you want to your listen to music at maximum volume.
The One X Plus has 64GB storage but, since the GS3 has a microSD card slot, it's easy to add a 64GB card to it. Where the shines of the One X Plus is its display. It just beats the GS3 at pretty much everything except for black levels. It's better in the sun, it's brighter and it's less grainy. The GS3's strength is its software. While Touchwiz isn't perfect, it feels more advanced than Sense. It also has 2GB of RAM which makes a huge difference when it comes to multitasking.
The 8X camera focuses slightly faster than the Lumia 920's. If you look closely at the 8X's pictures, the 8X camera captures more detail than the 920. So, given ideal conditions, it can take decent pictures. Maximum earpiece volume is decent though it's not as loud as my iPhone 5. Sound quality is good. It's clean-sounding with little hiss. The built-in speaker sounds fine but it's not very loud.
I tried this SE out today and I think it is a great phone. It's fast like my IPhone 6s but smaller, I liked the IPhone 5s size. I had the IPhone 5s and loved it but then updated to the IPhone 6a. The SE looks just like the IPhone 5s but with more speed. The camera is like my IPhone 6s. So if you want to go back to having a phone that fits in your pocket, this is the one!
I love my Note 3, it's bigger than my S3 but it's not as big as the mega phone but it's just right for me, I haven't learned everything about the phone but I do love the pen that comes with the phone, it does a lot. The camera is nice and much clearer.
The Note 3 is a lot lighter than my HTC EVO. It's very fast and has so many features that an IPhone5 can't touch. I love the camera features and it takes great pictures. This is the best smart phone on the market.
Bought the Nexus 6 during black Friday to replace my aging S4. Everything about it is better than the S4 except video recording. The Nexus 6 has a horrible video camera. It cannot focus on moving objects. I like to take videos for Instagram and this phone is absolute trash when it comes to videos. It constantly tries to focus and this leads to blurry videos. Besides the video problem, the phone is great. The phone has longer battery life than the S4 and also much faster.
I was a bit worried that the phone would be too big. Honestly, The Nexus 6 is a bit bigger than most phones but I can tell you that within 5 minutes I got use to the size and I absolutely love my phone. The screen is big enough for everything and the speakers are awesome. I am happy I made the decision to get this instead of the Nexus 5. I don't think I need a phone smaller than the Nexus 6 right now.
Honestly, I love the Nexus 6 but sometimes the speaker volume is very low even when it's turned up. It happens even when I am in a very quiet place. Also my battery does not last for 24 hours, it last for about 6-8 hours. Otherwise, it charges super fast, takes great pictures and overall is very fast.
I got the Nexus 6 for my mom. And it's really awesome. The display quality is great. The screen size is big. The battery life is very good. No bloatware--just Android in its pure form. HD Audio Calling on T-Mobile works like a charm. Front facing camera quality could be better but at this price point it's very acceptable. Rear facing images are good but not great when compared to leading flagships phones. Most people will be very satisfied with the image quality. I give it an 7.5 per 10 compared to an IPhone 6S.
I've been using this Nexus 6 for about 4 weeks and I have to write to say that I love this phone completely. It is big and I love the front facing stereo speakers. This Nexus 6 beats the S4 hands down, of course, and the Nexus 6 is better than the OnePlus One. I'm pleased with this phone.
I don't even know where to start, I love everything about this Nexus 6. It makes my old Samsung galaxy S4 look and feel like a joke. Excellent battery life, and I mean excellent. Beautiful screen. Quality dual speakers. Impressive camera. Honestly, the Nexus 6P is worse than the Nexus 6. I use this phone, and I couldn't be happier.
I love this Nexus 6! I got it a few weeks ago. The Nexus 6 is so much better than my Galaxy S4. It runs Android very smoothly and the screen size is amazing. I had to get used to the Nexus 6 but having a 6 inch screen makes it so much easier to type emails and see apps. I am very glad I got this phone and would recommend it to anyone who is looking and trying to figure out what kind of phone they want. I also love how fast the charging is with the charger. The phone can be very low on battery and charge up to full in less than 2 hours. So far, it is an amazing phone!
Nexus 6 is awesome, but the reason for the 4 stars is that there is no Wifi calling, which is a feature that is available if purchased through TMobile. Where we live, it's almost essential, so not having that feature meant a lot to us. If that's not important, it is a wonderful phone. Screen is crystal clear and the calls of Nexus 6 are a lot crisper than the Nexus 5. Great phone!
I purchased the Nexus 6 after having continued issues with my Samsung Note. My Note had reached its limit. I've been using the Nexus 6 for about three days. It is very fast compared to the Note. The Nexus 6 is a little faster than the Blackberry Passport I use for work. It really works well the streaming data. And the Nexus 6 makes calls and picks up signal better than the Note. It holds a charge well, but I do find myself charging when I get home from work. But with the super fast charging, it is really no big deal. The camera is decent enough. Pictures are decent but the interface is a little clunky. In general, I really love this device.
A 4.5" display sounds nice on paper but for me it's too big. The problem is, that I prefer to use my phone with one hand. It is one of the reasons why I like to use an iPhone. The Raider's display is so large that my thumb can't reach parts of the screen when I'm using it with one hand. While I think that the screen is too big I must say it looks fantastic. It has great viewing angles, it's bright, very sharp, has great contrast with pleasing colours and it works outdoors. Interestingly, it doesn't photograph very well so don't judge the screen quality from my pictures. One thing I hate about HTC Android phones is that they place the buttons too close to the edges. This makes them more difficult to use because I'm always pressing them accidentally. Unfortunately, the Raider has this problem too. The front facing camera has a resolution of 1.3MP. It can capture both still photos and video - neither of which are very good. While the Raider seemed unappealing at first, it really grew on me. In the end, I can say that between its fast performance, LTE, great camera and software, the HTC Raider is a solid performer. It is a HTC device that I love to use.
I recently reviewed the LG Optimus 3D. The Optimus has a 3D display that doesn't require glasses plus it had dual cameras to capture 3D images. Now I have the HTC 3D EVO. I like how the EVO is a little slimmer than the HTC Sensation 4G. It makes it easier to use. Still, I found myself accidentally pressing the menu buttons a lot them a lot - especially when whenever I tried to use the EVO with one hand. The display has a higher resolution than the Galaxy S2 and LG Optimus 3D. That said the display isn't very good. It doesn't have very good colour.
The screen is awesome with a bright and beautiful display. The Galaxy S5 has more options and freedom than the Iphones. However, the Touch Wiz interface of it is very laggy. Camera is slow. It takes way too long to load and by the time it loads, I have missed the moment I wanted to take a picture of. Touch screen almost too sensitive. The phone is almost a little too big for my preference. It's hard to use one handed.