 it was no only dirty but power cycles once the battery is low .   i am always scared to buy second hand electronics of any kind . i lost my note 4 and at this point only another note 4 fits my needs  .   sorry note 5 no micro sd and sealed battery makes you inferior to note 4 in my opinion . at the price i was a little skeptical but it was prime and i can always send it back right . the phone looks and works like brand new . works 100%, looks 100% . note condition was "refurbished good" and i would say it was far better than that . went right to sprint and they had it up and running and me back out the door in less than 20 minutes with a perfect working phone . note that there could have been a delay if they did not happen to have my sim card . would i recommend this seller, yes and yes  .   phone was in amazing condition and had zero blemishes or defects . no problem activating with my account .   love it . very satisfied   . phone is great, i'm very upset i didn't get the s-pen . its kind of a big deal  .   very good phone for the price  . now this phone was package like it was brand new it didn't even have the ear phone that had supposedly came with it . bad purchase along with frustration  .   this note 4 exceeded my expectations . i was in need of a new phone that could bridge the gap of a year before i qualified for a new upgrade . so the note 4 actually arrived in very good to excellent condition  . i couldn't believe that it was a refurbished model; i had assumed that it would arrive with some noticeable defects but i was pleasantly surprised . i would say that the best part of the phone is that is has a huge screen that allows me to watch any media content . i don't use it often but it is a nice option that i have used a number of times . the phone itself works just fine for making calls but who does that anymore? the biggest plus that i can comment on is that i am no longer counting the days until my next upgrade . i may just keep this phone until it dies because i can't think of anything that it doesn't have  . it came with no accessories and clearly is not new or even close . there are multiple scratches  . also the screenext is cracked and so is the photo lense  . due to the warranty policies from seller/amazon i have been trying to work with samsung in getting support for this . what a waste of $$, time, and very frustrating to deal with as the amazon invoice doesnt contain the imei and serial numbers samsung needs for proof of purchase . now i know and wont make the same mistake twice  .   when you sell the real thing, but this time you sold the fake stuff  .   great phone but the seller cellulartradenins sent the wrong color by mistake . i said no the black phone was fine and working .   like it  .   phone worked, and i love it  .   i read every review before convincing myself to order this phone . all three phones that verizon gave to me, were electrical problems  .  and i have to say that some are scary  .  it has held up everything, ive thrown at it! i have had no problems with this phone  . will update if anything negative happens  .   the phone and screen are in great shape, but upon opening the case i saw that the battery was kind of beat up looking with some black smudges on it . i have been working with the phone quite a bit this afternoon and the battery dies superrrrr fast . ordered a new battery and hoping i'll be good to go from there  .   not happy with the battery that was sent with this product  . phone was not worth the money i paid for  .  im really piss i done bought better phones from other places on amazon this one is not the best  . i love the note 4 and this one was purchased new and it is working perfectly . great price . replaceable battery and expandable memory are something i insist on  .   love it, much less expensive . happiness  .   battery was defective would have been really easy to put that in the items description  .the phone is automatically die when the battery shown 20% percent . i am really disappointed  .   the phone was in great condition  .   great phone but it was randomly shutting off . ok so first review was great thoughts but now that i have had this phone for 2 or 3 days i'am sssooooooooooo disappointed like this phone looked like it was in perfect condition but now it keeps rebooting restarting overheating'''''''''''''''' and has slowed down i'm very upset it was not worth the price next time i will stick to buying strictly from amazon  . the case is durable and not too bulky . i did not realize that the plastic screen cover was not included, but otherwise a nice case  .   this phone was advertised as new and it clearly was refurbished, posted pic of replaced screen . everything is much bigger to see . i had an s7 but hated it because things were too small . it was just like the seller said, new, no dents, no scratches . love everything about this phone the size is just what i wanted . phone works grate but headphone jack dose not work  .   camera never worked good, always a blurry picture if it worked .   phone actually looks fantastic even though it was only listed as "good" condition . very pleased, and so far it works well, too . my only gripe is the battery is poor . drains quickly with minimal use (50% in less than 2 hours) but i guess that's to be expected with a used phone . at least it's an inexpensive fix . i've already ordered a new battery so it's no big deal .   great  . he loves it . i was very disappointed after paying all that money .   this phone is great the ir blaster is one of the most useful features removable battery and expandable memory are some of the things that the new phones lack in my opinion . however my issue is with the phone i recieved from seller edge cellular marked as refurbished yet still has noticeable signs or use like dents and scratches . better than the 5 in my opinion  .   cellphone works fine but i select a new when i place my order and i get a used one  .   bad phone wrong phone and bad bettery . getting current with the modern and matured android equipment was a treat . this samsung galaxy note 4 is quite an exceptional piece of technology . back to the note, future shock and a steep learning curve is challenging and fun . this unit does much of what the "droid" could do only better! really big screen and i would advocate the phablet form factor . use a bluetooth! keep the phablet in a safe place . the screen is glass! connectivity is great, speed is impressive and abusive to data quotas . refine your disciplines and the throughput will be rewarding . the note is thin, light, easily handled without dropping it, big clear screen with the much heralded oled technology behind it . good viewing . the near-field-communication was a pleasant surprise, currently a "sales point" on later equipment, but samsung included it in the note 4 . my fingers are slender and deft as a musician and a mechanic, still, on a smart-phone a stylus is a must . samung slipped one into a slot on the right side of the unit, (sorry for you lefties), it makes all the difference . not the common finger-painting type stylus, but a fine nibbed writing instrument . the skill to utilise all of it's features needs to be cultivated . in the absence of that it'll make you look good, even if you scribble . google's android with voice control from typing to searching to whatever your imagination digs up is fun and surprising, and used well, will enhance your productivity and you will appear to have a "grip" on your doings, whatever they may be . (be subtle and gracious, no one likes a show-off) . a wise and timely purchase which has improved my efficacy in my doings . i could ramble on but, suffice it to say, i am well pleased  . the product came when expected, however, after checking it out to see if anything was wrong with it . i happened to find that there was debris in the back camera lens between the protective glass shield and the lens itself . and currently looking on the internet on how to clean what should have been cleaned before it ever being sent .   best samsung note  .   efficient, swift-moving, great battery life . i love using the s pen . i usually have many apps open at one time and no lag  . the red cell is great  . i did really like this phone when i got it but since it won't charge it's pretty much pointless and a waste of money  .   i got the phone and it's so pretty and nice looking, however it turns off on its own and gets super hot when i am using it .   buyer beware recived with screen separating from frame and after checking device with my carrier i found this item was referbished . the phone appears to be ok, but the packaging was clearly opened in the past . my first clue was that the button on the pen doesn't start the air command features, and my second was when i was unable to remove the tip to replace it . i tried a pen from another note 4 and verified that the problem is with the pen which came with the phone . somewhere along the line the original pen went missing and was replaced with this fake one before being shipped to me . could this have been a phone purchased and returned? after doing some research i realized that the tip was not like the ones which were oem . the tip on this one was just hard plastic and did not have the softer rubber-like bit at the very tip . doesn't totally disable the phone to have a bad pen, but the s pen is the reason for buying a note .   a new phone to replace a broken screen . i still have to explore the features i am not used to but love the larger screen  .   speakers don't work very well . i'm hoping for better luck  .   we i don't get 4g lte in my area for this phone do not recommend you buy this  .   android is one most terrible and useless for deaf people and also this one all samsung or any brand kind of all android phone have glitches and bug for ntouch app and front camera is shutter as ntouch app not smooth well  .   iphone great for ntouch app  .   i hate android  .   the note 4 i was advertised as new but i think it was used the battery doesn't last long at all compared to my other note 4 which went bad but the phone is working good . i'm still learning more about this phone and loving it  .   new but generic cable, however i dont know what's wrong with the phone but it wont turn on, i can hear sound but i can't hear anything  . note 4 came in good condition, a few little scratches or dents no big deal, but it when i went to sprint they had some issues setting up, they did get it working though . the phone works calling, wifi and network works all good but sometimes when calling someone it wont call it will just say dialing forever  .   also says invalid sims and sprint cant figure out why, so if your phone broke and you need a quick phone this is a good choice but if your looking for a reliable phone this isnt it  . when i first started using it, i missed my old phone - the note 2 . although i can't remember exactly why because i've grown accustomed to this phone now, i did almost consider returning the note 4 and just continuing to use my old note 2, which i was perfectly happy with although i noticed the battery life was starting to decline (after 2 years of use) . almost immediately after beginning to use the note 4, my battery wouldn't last a whole day (and by day, i mean approx 9-10 hrs) - and this is after light use as i'm at work all day and don't use it much while i'm working . it also get really hot, which is now a concern because of the exploding note 7 issue that has recently cropped up . i wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone . it's a shame because the design of the phone is fine . the screen looks nice and i find samsungs very user-friendly but i'll be switching brands after this phone . as pretty as it is, it's pretty useless  .   camera doesn't work unless phone is charging . fast shipping, packaged/protected very well . this is a great phone .   love this phone  .   very pleased with the phone . works like new . looks like new . very pleased  .   great phone, this device is my phone and computer! it's faster than my laptop (time for a laptop upgrade)! calls never disconnect, sound is loud and clear, especially in an hd call  .   it a great phone . love this phone, but the service has a lot to be desired  .   great  . be warned though, the at&t note 4 cannot be rooted . this is really dirty on at&t's part, and i would just purchase a t-mobile phone and use that on at&t if i were you . the s pen had dirt on it which was really weird . i suspect this is a returned phone that for some reason was never registered to an account .   i really love the larger screen and it makes typing out text messages so much easier on my older eyes . it is like having a computer in your pocket . i would recommend  .   i love the phone however it did not even make it 6 months . no worries it worked fine . then slowly over time it started having issues and then one day it just would not turn on past the red verizon wireless screen . this was disappointing to say the least! it also had compatibility issues with my lg model hbs-910 headset . huge disappointment i really liked this phone . be wary if you purchase a remanufactured phone  .   i can even used it now because u posted it has unlock phone but it would lock i don,t know what to do with or may be i will return and send me back unlock phone thank i will appreciate for feed back . needing a quick replacement for my dinosaur, i worked with friends who have been very pleased with their note 4 . the note 4 has been very easy to transition without any large learning curve  .   it was good thanks . very happy with the phone . replaceable battery, great screen, perfect for working on the go  .   this phone is the best i've owned sofar and is possible the last of replacable battery units because i hold on to phones to long . the only downside but is not due to the phone its-self but all the terrible software updates that either don't work right and/or take away nice features that somehow the programmers don't think you need or want . i like full functionality myself  .   phone was in good condition but the battery went bad 2 weeks after purchase  .   phone broke after only 3 months of use . most expensive door stop ever purchased . i'm a very unhappy customer  . (5stars after the 3rd phone received due to not matching description) lost a star due to not matching description . no problems  .   phone works great and delivered as described . pjone is in like new condition . i still this day am simply in a stunned shock that forces me to altruistically must make a plea to amazon for advise & wisdom as to how such my decision of brand/ specificmodel( that took me 3wks spent research,re-review, coinciding functions/my daily life/the cost i contemplated just to experience **** inexplicable to be forced to state: ∆reliablity of samsung as a phone  .  so i actually can conduct a conversation like my greatgrandmother could! as i have for 13yrs .   ∆the sanity to accomplish 1hour of network to obtain solutions/relief/a resource on every level of daily life . ∆i cannot hire services of repair, i cannot receive a text/email/voicemail conduct any contribution to another human whom has reached out to me . ∆ i pay for the quality of device for signal transmission to maintain its stability while fixed on any square foot of my property  .   love it  .   prompt delivery, brand new phone, as advertised . not very happy with the condition of the phone i recieved . all 4 corners have deep scars like it has been dropped alot . it seems a lot faster than my note 2, and has some exceptional features that the note 2 did not have, like being able to block callers . i had none of these problems with my note 2, and don't know if it's the phone or what  .   pros i use verizon and phone programmed up on first try 4 g . upgrade from note 2 phone works great and very happy with the order fast delivery on shipping . cons when i first got the phone it would not turn on at all . phone would freeze up when battery was under 35 % (when i was using the camera) charged and i had to take the battery out to reboot . i purchased a good rated battery here on amazon and started using it . took care off all my problems and the phone has been great since the new battery . just like my note2 . phone does not feel as good in the hand as my note 2 . i am truly disappointed with samsung . i find it very hard to buy a phone that will only last 12 to 18 months because the battery will be worn out . i know samsung is riding a big high right now but time will tell . i feel samsung owes me a refund for the new battery . speaking of battery problems the note 7 has a recall on the battery and you can not even buy the phone right now .   bad charging port battery does not keep a full charge . i love this phone! only one knock on the bottom left corner but i leave a case on my phone so it's covered up . screen is in great shape . it's a great price for such a nice phone! i couldn't be happier with this purchase  .   no issues  .   unfortunately, i have had nothing but problems with this phone . the phone worked great for the 1st 45 days and then soon after that my phone was shutting off at 30% battery level . however, my phone now has a lag to turn on when it is in sleep mode . i have tried alot of different options, reset phone, delete apps, etc and unfortunately no luck . this leads me to believe that the phoenix is defective . therefore, i 'm in the market for another replacement phone after 90-days of this ordeal  . i bought this phone refurbished and it came with a small scratch on it, which is fine . the phone has some features that aren't my favorite, but overall it's much better than my old phone . the one thing i was upset about was the charger . it did not come with a wall adapter and now the charger won't even charge anything, it just broke  .   love the phone  .   thank you . great customer service, product didn't meet expectations, blue tooth didn't work on note 4 . when i notified them they excellent on the return postage a,don't redeposit funds back onto my c . no problem on the customer side  .   rip off  . it isn't even a used phone in good condition . junk  .   very fast and fitting for someone who enjoys multitasking and amazing video quality . it provides me with everything that i could ask for from a phone with prices that i can work with! no need to go and grab a note 7 and brag about how that phone can take photos in the dark . other than the pen and camera improvement  . the phone is actually fine, except the charger doesn't work right . i have let cellulartradeins know that i'm not happy; i doubt they will do anything to fix it .pirfect condition works great . thank you love the phone  .   when i first received the phone it was in great condition, but just as the warranty went off it started to freeze up ,blinking out   .   the phone is fine it's the battery that's junk . son loves it! especially since he loses everything & this phone notifies you if you are away from the stylus =) . so far this phone has been great! a couple of minor problems but overall light years better than my old phone, an lgg2 which gave me problems from day one and was such a pain to deal with for two years! i'm praying that this note 4 will continue to work as well as it is now :) l highly recommend it  . this used phone works great! i've had it in use now for a little over a month and no quirks . very happy with my purchase . the packaging was very good and customer service awesome  . this is the only electronic device i've ever regretted purchasing . (and this one is a replacement!) the bluetooth will just stop or give you grief connecting . sometimes the camera makes the phone crash (or won't focus) . i have yet to find a keyboard that actually works (the native keyboard often experiences latency) . not saying this is anyone's fault i bought a used phone and got a used phone . update: last week lost all ability to view the screen . today (9/24/2016) i am having connectivity problems that sprint (2 hrs phone support on 9/23/2016) ( 1 1/2 hrs at store in wappingers falls ny) can't seem to identify the issues but rendered the phone inoperable . update: called sprint yesterday to tell them amazon would issue a credit for the phone so i needed it back . the phone came in nicely packed . the only thing i didn't like was that there were way too many apps on it that were running, but this is coming from someone who had been using a blackberry z30 prior to this purchase . other than that, its pretty sweet tho .   the phone arrived on time and in perfect working order . i love the display screen size and stylus  . i loved my note 4  .   i've recently upgraded to note 7 and am definitely missing my battery life of the n4 . it was a great phone . even strong enough to last through my 4yr olds torture .   new out of the box plus a great price . i had the phone for about a week and had no problem yet  . very minor cosmetic blemishes and excellent working condition with decent battery life  .   worked like s*** from the day i bought it . but missing a very important feature it should have  .   great when i saw it . i wish they could offer a discount on a freak situation like this . great product, nice picture and vivid screen  .   it's a great phone . there is really no downside to this phone . i even like it better than the note 5 . fantastic choice if you don't want to pay $899 for the newest one and don't want to get stuck with a contract . add the wireless charging back and you are good to go . this is the last note model to have a user replaceable battery . android marshmallow works great on this device . i'll be using this until it falls apart  .   great phone . great price . pleasure doing business :) . hands down the best phone in that generation . of course, it has been replaced by the n5 and the n7 as the best phones on​ the market .   ended up getting a note 3 instead, but still love it . phone was advertised as "new" yet the chamfer around the camera is scratched and a fake oem charger was included (the adaptor buzzes when plugged in and the usb brand on the cable is misaligned  .   nothing to be disappointed in~ a great buy for me  . set up was also no problem whatsoever with sprint . definitely, happy with my purchase . camera instantly takes clear and crisp pictures . much improved over the note 2  .   this is a fantastic phone, don't regret this purchase on bit  . more like the phone looked brand new . very happy with the product and the price .   really like this phone . fun and fast . enjoy the bigger screen . it has more features and functions than i have used at this time, but will continue to master  . other then that the phone a great  .   like new and a really good deal for the price . better features and more user friendly than the note 3 i had prior to  .   i really like this phone, it is quick and i can see everything on the bigger screen  .   although the phone had faulty software and not work i still gave ☆☆☆☆☆ because of the professional, prompt and outstanding attention given to the matter . i would recommend this seller as well as buy again from . better than i thought and fast delivery . came fast and works perfect . new in box note 4, great price  .   this phone was a wonderful bargain and i found out it is still under samsung warranty . the seller should have made certain this was not going to be a problem for the new purchaser . i had to buy a second cheap phone to use in meantime  .   my phone only lasted about a year before it suffered from non stop crashes and freezing . everything seemed fine and fixed . i open snapchat and notice a cool new filter on my front facing camera, neat! oh wait, just kidding, that's just a result of my screen separating from the body of the phone allowing the lense to be exposed and dust and dirt to get everywhere inside my phone . i expect at this price point for my phone to last much longer than 1 year max and i also expected better warranty service and repairs from samsung . i will have to think long and hard before buying another samsung product again  . the phone actually looked like new condition almost . and make sure it's attachments version(i don't know about t-mobile and verizon version won't work with my sim card)  .   bought the phone as new, the phone box i received was open, i went to at&t website to make a request to unlock it, i found that there was a request made by someone else 2 months before i purchased the phone and it was denied (i purchased the phone in july, 2016, the request to unlock it was made in may, 2016) . when i called amazon they said they can't do a replacement and that i can return it and then buy a another one, horrible experience  . i returned it on the third day and received a full refund in a timely manner  .   phones dies after 20% and won't cut back on unless charged more bit other than that it's fine . therefore when used in united states it did not operate properly  . phone works great  .   i ordered a "new" phone but instead i get one that is covered in scratches with no accessories . unacceptable  . its got the best camera you've ever seen .   the stylus to write and draw with and the camera and the touch screen features are the bomb   .   phone worked good . unable to upload picture dont have another phone available . i will never buy a phone online again! didn't work at all! took it to sprint and they got it to connect and i made 2 calls and phone died and the green error troll popped up and couldn't do anything .   i had a bad time with this phone . it wasnt inspected properly i think . -malfunctioning battery that would die quickly while displaying 30% capacity . -ir baster didnt work -the phone's firmware had been rooted or otherwise tampered with . -phone came with shoddy aftermarket charger that barely charged . but its a free country, so if you really want a bad phone you can get one if you want . don't blame me when you are sad and mad though, thats on you buddy  .   very nice design! large screen is just awesome  .   bought the phone at a great price! it works perfectly . very happy with this purchase  .   i would recommend this company i love the note 4 works perfect received fast very satisfied . i like this phone  .   love it! with prime, i received my phone the same day (for free) . i've had it for a little over a month and have no complaints  .   the condition was incredible and the phone is everything i wanted it to be  .   good phone arrived as promised . great phone for a great price . all of the features are wonderful and easy to use . false description .came with broken front camera . zero scratches and just one small little faded corner on the case from what appears to be wear from a case . love my phone and the ease of this transaction  .   phone is defective and unable to return it because i traveled after purchase . thought maybe it just came with a bad battery or charger . i replaced both, after taking it to someone i found out the problem was with the phone the whole time . waste of a bunch of money when they said the phone was new  .   i recently got this phone and have been using it for a week and it works pretty well . it came in really clean and i only saw one tiny scratch but it wasn't really noticeable at all . i love my new phone and plus, i got it for a cheap price while it looked brand new! however, the screen was kind of weird appearing because it had a little faded label inside of it? but that wasn't really noticeable . overall, i think this phone has all 5 stars of functionality, appearance, and shipment too! i really recommend this to the other customers and they won't regret on buying it! :) . fine phone . easy to set up with my carrier  . its fast, easy and fun  . the camera will not focus on either phone and now both the wife's and mine have started freezing up and rebooting . i've read the internet problems with the cameras . too bad really i had one of these while with sprint and the camera and phone were excellent . very disappointed  .   great phone! i upgraded from a galaxy s3 and you really get your bang for your buck at the lower price . i use my phone a lot and am loving the note 4 . while not the newest model out there, it still has great specs and performs great .   love the notes . perfect for everyday use  . the "like new" one cost more and was cosmetically damaged with chips and scratches . don't trust the descriptions  . lasted 15 months and died suddenly . the phone works perfectly . i have tried multiple smart phones over the years and even some iphones . all of them had one problem or another . this phone, however, totally works for me . i decided on the note 4 instead of the newer note 5 or 6 because everyone was saying that you couldn't put an sd card into the newer notes, and everyone seemed to miss this phone . i love that i can write with the little pen, which is really helping me to stay organized . i also love how the screens on this can pop up full sized or small, so that i can see multiple windows on my screen at once - just like on my computer . that is very useful for someone like me - an office type who is used to multi-tasking . it's also easy to switch between the windows . i use the phone with pageplus and have had no problems or any dropped calls that i can remember . its wasn't what i wanted sorry  .   got explosive product that burned my hand, amazon didn't do anything about it  . after just 20 minutes of use i found that the battery was draining fast . i connected the phone and let it charge further and i still have problems with the battery life . order new battery on amazon now the phone works great  .   it gets very hot am freezes alot . best phone ever! i selected this phone over the iphone 6 plus .) works as expected  .   great phone  .   shipped fast worked well . great phone  . battery dies at 20 percent and freezes often .   pretty decent for the price works like a charm . large, brilliant screen . fun phone  . i enjoyed that on my galaxy note 3  .   on time delivery but the phone looks too old and dirty  .   this is a pretty nice phone . i don't use half of them! i've found that i really love the size and count on the larger more detailed screen for looking at photos and using dual screen between an app and my email or text . ultra power saving mode is amazing and has helped me a great deal several times . i am really happy with my note  .   product had bad esn . a bit longer than note 3 and more awkward to hold . also note 3 has better battery life  .   but after days two of use, i started to have issues with the phone and they have only been getting worse and irritating me . it constantly freezes, reboots for no reason, gets stuck on reboot screen, non responsive a lot of times  .   since i received the phone, its been a useless pos because i can't use the minimum features of the note 5, such as make/receive a call much less text! i thought it would "go away" with the system update to marshmallow nope  .   it was really nice  .   its was well worth it . every thing was delivered on time and the phone looks new and works great  . it's a great tool for my busy life  .   i love this phone . the first new wall charger that came with the phone was defective, but the company immediately replaced it with a working wall charger and i am happy  .   bad teception  .   one of the cheapest used note 4s on amazon . the screen was scratch-free but the rear camera had a speck on the inner lens that showed up as a small black splotch in photos . happy overall; i got what i paid for  .   i love it   . to me, the look and feel of android lollipop and now marshmallow, are looking more and more like apple's ios; another reason i opted for the note 4 once more, kit kat 4 . this "phone", or more like a "pocket pc" with calling capabilities, remains an excellent productivity and information tool; perfect for recording my class lectures (audio or video), annotating on pdf files, power points, pictures, screen captures as well as free hand note taking, sketching and diagraming . despite the short life span of my first note 4, this hotrod phablet remains highly recommended  . you have to click on the right of the button to see open windows . also i use the power saver to keep the battery higher . i do know i have not had any more dropped calls with this phone like i had with the other phone and service i had  .   awesome phone . looked like new and works flawlessly .   the phone if it worked properly is great . its microphone doesn't work though .   dislike product . i do really like the phone, but the battery that comes with it is crap! it goes from 40% to 0% with no warning in seconds  . phone works lovely and it's perfect . i would recommend this seller . product came with new phone(not refurbished) new battery, new charger cable, new fast adaptive power brick as well .   hmm my husband loves this phone, good review coming from him . broke after only three months  . it worked great until june 2016, when one day it suddenly began to act sluggish and unresponsive to swipes or even buttons . i performed a factory reset incase i might have some how downloaded a bug, but the problem persisted . amazon has not been helpful in resolving this issue, and it seems that my phone just crapped out on me .   so far so good no issues at all . could not ask for anything to work any better . there seems to be a few bugs in this model . updates aren't redily available from all carriers  .   love it   .   short after the 30 day warranty expired phone had several issues . it started to get very hot and then stopped working . seller feedback: sorry to hear about the issue with the phone . unfortunately our return policy is set by amazon and after 30 days you would need to contact samsung for assistance  .   best smartphone ever! and also the best deal on planet . better than the newer generation phones! i did a lot research, and when i saw the screen, i was still amazed at the gorgeous screen . it is much better than samsung note 5, galaxy s6, s7 etc . because it has replaceable battery and micro sd card . and the advantage of inserting sd card is beyond that . if you take a short trip, you may simply take more sd cards and swap them when they are full and no worry or need to transfer to a pc . i don't like the direction that samsung is taking with the newer generation phones . much better than iphone for the same reason . this is the best phone available on market . note 3 is also good, but note 4 is so much better in screen and in camera . the ois is great as well for low light condition . add review after two weeks' use, i still think this is the best phone ever on market . i personally like the back cover matt fish better . some people say it is cheap plastic like, but i consider it to be extremely practical . i had some slippery phones before and i always broke them by accident . it gives good holding point to hand as it is a very big phone . i compared this phone screen to all my friends' phone screen and i haven't see any phone has a better screen . of course the other phones like 6s plus are not visually worse than note 4 in terms of screen . i still think this is the best phone samsung ever made . only feature i would like it to have is the waterproof . well, not really waterproof like dropping it in the pool, but splash proof so that i won't worry much about rain, drink, etc . galaxy s5 does that wonderfully with a removable back cover . what is the shining glass back cover in note 5 good for? some say it feels expensive, flawless craftsmanship, blah blah . i call it "impractical" - easy to slip and break, no expandable sd card, no exchangeable battery . probably note 4 is the last of its kind of the best samsung phones  .   this phone is making samsung great again! i didn't keep it however i took it out to inspect the condition and see if i liked the note style phone . attractive looking phone and was winning! i am defiantly getting the note 6 when it comes out  .   takes 4 hours to charge! i cannot download any files or send any lengthy text messages . if the text messages is more than a few lines it will not send, i wasted my money i'm not happy with this phone  .   when the galaxy note 4 was released in 2014 my sister upgraded to a at&t model from a galaxy s4 from the same carrier . she told me how impressed she were with the galaxy note 4 so much so that i fell in love with the device myself . i myself could only afford a galaxy grand 2 duos that year . now i found the price for a used galaxy note 4 is more affordable for me and so i buy 2, one for my neighbor and one for myself . i'm loving my note 4  . i have since upgraded to the note 5 but we still use the note 4 for my granddaughter! ++a+a++a+a+a . my handy lg g3 had passed on so i had to look for a new phone . i loved the large size of the g3 but i wanted something a little bit better . nothing is more annoying than risking the phones screen just to change a bad battery . this phone is a little bit larger than my former g3 which i'm fine with simply because i have large hands . the fast charger that came with it is very fast as it runs at 4amps . i love this phone . it feels great in the hand and hopefully it will last me quite a while  .   i return this order which was a at&t and i could use it with my carrier, there was nothing wrong whit the phone  . works grate and luv the price . i'm very happy with the phone . it looks brand new! we bought it to use with boost mobile and had no issues activating it . i am having issues using the finger print lock . i either swip too fast, too slow or don't use the full print .   only issue is my selfie front camera not working other than that phone performs perfectly . love this phone and wireless plus inc was great to work with . highly recommended  .   fast delivery and better than buying new . great phone . i love the bright, large, sharp display . great sound . like that it had a sd slot and removable battery, those 2 features are missing on the note 5 and was the key factors that lead me to consider the note 4 instead  .   love my phone well be coming back to buy more phones in the future from this seller :) . still waiting on my return refund  . first phone froze and cut off a lot, so i returned it for a replacement . second phone doesnt freeze near as often, but the phone is a little sluggish, especially coming from iphone 6s . i would recommend this phone to some, but not those who are on their phones heavily and all the time  .   no marks nor scratches on screen   . love it . use the video and photo features more than anything else and i an totally happy with it  .   great phone, replaced a note 3 that got broken due to my fault . company purchased from was great to deal with . this seller exceeded my expectations . great packaging, fast delivery, and even charged the phone for me . every thing was also properly described as stated . i highly recommend this phone and seller . only downside seems to be the battery life but nothing the fast charging feature can't fix  .   arrived in great condition and was able to get it activated promptly in a verizon store . i've had some very minor freezing issues, but otherwise everything works as expected  . i can now honestly say that i am 100% satisfied  .   update: 11/16/16: still have this phone, and i really like it . i've tried it with the charging case (it's ok), but right now i have it in an otterbox to keep it safe . i did get it working fine with my moto360 smartwatch . and that's good because i'm using both with a sleep aid ap, and it measures my sleep cycles . in 3 days, this app helped me sleep better . i'm getting a special pulse-oximeter that works with the app too . i am still very pleased with this phone . i am very happy with it, but, like any device, it has it's pros and cons . i also want to say a few words about the seller, who did a really fantastic job of overdelivering and underpromising . i bought this device because my galaxy s5's charging port got damaged when the phone (had an extended battery) fell off the vent clip on a road trip . i have a rare unlimited data plan (had it a long time) from verizon, and in order to keep it, have to buy a new device instead of getting it on contract . i chose the note 4 because, unlike the note 5, it has a replaceable battery . my cellphone is my lifeline: it is my sole internet, and it is a critical safety tool . it has to work, and it must have reliable service . i live in the dc metro area, and verizon has the better coverage (even in subway tunnels) . the note 4 is nice looking: i bought black one, and it has beautiful silver trim . there is a pen inside (i didn't see it at first, and thought it was missing), and the phone is set to make a sound and flash a warning on the screen when it gets far away from the pen . (i really like this feature) . this pen is by far the nicest stylus i have ever used . it is effortless--there are tools on the play store that make even better use of it's abilities, but it comes with very nice basic abilities (my absolute favorite is the clip grabber) . i bought the note 4 from cell-sell, i also bought an s-view wireless charging cover, (which appears to have a glass screen) and a fast wireless (there is also "regular" wireless) charger (all the accessories are from different vendors) . the note comes with a micro usb charger, which i initially thought was inferior to the 3 . i believe i was wrong on this . heat is a big killer of portable devices . the fast wireless charger is good, but i noticed that over a few hours it wasn't keeping up with the hotspot demands, even though the hotspot was idle . (the wired charger fixed the problem right away) . i would advise that the wireless charger (even the fast wireless charger) is not the fastest solution . i could have gotten a white one cheaper, but i like the darker colors better . you'll need a wired charger for the heavy demand apps, like the hotspot . i set the device to work with my fingerprint and a backup password, my s5 wouldn't do that because i put a second glass face on the front of it to protect it . this was kind of a pain because it happened at night . however, my moto 360 smartwatch is not happy with my phone right now (isn't keeping the right time--it's 2 timezones away) with my phone, and i am working to understand and fix this . i got this device activated late on a friday (i got in two days, even though the email said 8 days--this was fantastic) , and as i said earlier, i thought the pen was missing (it wasn't, but the device was so slick, i just missed it) . no kidding, two minutes later, the vendor shipped a rush order of a new pen (got the tracking number), and deducted a small amount from the purchase price . i don't think i've ever gotten such terrific customer service . this is a great company--i want to do more business with them . yes, i could have said nothing and let it go, but that's not honest (and it would have left the impression that the manufacturer was putting out defective equipment) ; i wanted to make it right by this company, so i emailed eric right away to let him know (by this time it was 8:15 pm est), and he responded right away . he was gracious and professional throughout the entire transaction . what company does this on a weekend night? this is a great device--not perfect, but really good . you might think this is a "end all/be all" device with the stylus [i am impressed with it's pinpoint accuracy] ; but working with sites that require passwords, and capcha issues is proving somewhat frustrating and difficult . just know going in, you might need more real estate (a bigger screen) to do some real work . it is the best stylus i ever used, hands down . overall, my experience is a big plus; i'm very happy with this device--and you can buy an extended battery for it (i'm thinking about it) . the wired charger works very fast; the wireless, not so fast . i can't say enough good things about the company  .   perfect phone, like palm pilot? you will love this phone too, . the phone is beautiful and just what i wanted .   i upgraded from the galaxy s3 to the note, due to the praise one of my coworkers gave theirs . i am completely satisfied with the upgrade . the product came in fine working order, i just did not realize that for the 1st time, i would need a sim card . once that was remedied i have zero complaints  .   i was a little nervous buying this online, but it came brand new in the box and worked great . buy with confidence  . not one problem! works great . i am very satisfied  . the phone broken down after 6 months .   it's been over a year now since i purchased this phone and i must say this is by far the best phone i've owned . until now i have been a faithful droid user but i wasn't impressed with the offerings at the time so i looked at other manufacturers . being a longtime prime customer, i always look to amazon before making a purchase elsewhere and to my delight amazon had this phone for $100 . out of full disclosure, i did just recently purchase a laptop for working in the field but that is only because i need to be able to update projects using adobe premier and illustrator which of course i can't do on this phone . to conclude this review, this is the best phone i've owned and i highly recommend it  .   yes i love the phone when i got it for my wife, but after a week of having it she was already having problems  . fits perfect, otterbox the best  . overall i actually like it . just my luck  .   i love this phone .   so far i love it great phone . i love my phone .1 soon cuz i'm already ready to take the time and wait for an exchange so i can be back on kitkat4 .1 full of bugs  .   sim card problems right when i attempted to activate it . other than sim issues the phone is great . this is one of the worse purchases i've made in amazon . i love it . so far so good  .   awesome phone . love the stylist . the cord broke where you plug into the phone . loved this phone  . it activated without any problems, thank you edge cellular  .   i do recommend going on ebay and get the sim card for it , sprint stores doesn't carry micro sim anymore   .   love it thank you . wonderful phone, with removeable back . looks and works like new, i just switched from iphone and i will never look back .   phone was so scratched up that when i went to activate it . but i'll give it 5 stars because internally the phone was good and it works great but justale sure if u are buying a use phone that they use the real pix of the phone so you can see how much damage you are getting yourself into . says in the description great condition with barely any signs of use . do not recommend  .   this is definitely the best phone i've ever owned and definitely a computer that has communications built into it . i bought the note 4 because it: - has a replaceable battery, so i can have a second for backup or replace as needed the newer note battery is not replaceable . it syncs great with my subaru for phone, text and emails and was super link up . very nice phone . i bought a galaxy note 4 received february 5 i worked fine till an update i . may then it crashed took it to samsung who tried to update it as well now it doesn't work at all was told it was a hardware issue and is after warrantwand can not be replaced by samsung contacted the seller to no response now i have a 400 dollar paper weight i will not be ordering my galaxy note 5 through them don't waste your time or money . i love this phone so much . i have had it for several months and have had no problem at all  .   love the note 4, i purchased it to replace my original note1, nice upgrade, very satisfied with purchase . no problems at all  .   phone was in excellent condition cosmetically . took phone to at&t store to get a sim card, internet would not work at all on the device  . good battery life and the wind screen that allows me to work as i go  .   the phone came exactly as pictured, looks great in white, and is a marked upgrade over my poor, now-defunct razr maxx  .i called verizon tech support they said it could be an antenna issue and phone may be somewhat damaged then he tried to go through the settings with me and i got some internet 2 bars and i was happy  .  i informed noble planet and they got back to me and said they would issue a refund and not to contact amazon?i told them well its working now and i would get back to them and was glad they called  .  after a couple of days the internet would not connect on wifi or verizon network it would go on a few hours and not work again for several hours .  i called noble planet and left a message and no return call at all  .  i want a refund still waiting for response .   this phone is a great phone . i really love the camera and the stylus . the only problem i had was with the battery, it would not hold a charge, but they seller sent me a new battery and it works great! i have taken many photos and they all turned out great . i really enjoy many of the features like the stylus quick notes and the back sensors . i love the fingerprint sensor, even though a lot of people don’t like it because you have to swipe downwards instead of leaving it in one position like the note 5 or iphone . i love how fast the phone is and it’s great for playing games, watching movies and everything . the 2k screen is amazing, movies, tv shows, youtube and netflix all look great on the screen . the screen is very responsive and fast moving, i actually enjoy the touchwiz ui (user interface) . i do not have any complaints about this phone, i really love it and enjoy using it . i love watching 2k videos and viewing 2k pictures on it, the crisp and clear images always surprise me . i highly recommend this phone for anyone who is thinking about getting one  .   phone is better than i expected . a+ seller, . this phonies in perfect condition,love it  . it's a great phone . the best i have ever had but now it has become glitch that why i have gave it 5 stars i haven't drop the phone or gotten it wet . lost $10 on a glass screen protector installed before attempting to activate . seller has me a return customer product arrived early no complaints its legit  .   im not to happy right now the battery dies so quickly im going to test it out another day and if this stays the same im returning this phone  .   the phone works perfectly  .   i only regret buying the at&t variant  . works great  .   love the phone . it is just like new . phone is great but more chipped in the housing than expected . delivered 3 hours early which was awesome and phone does work great so very thrilled . very good   .   i really like the galaxy note products . the note 4 is the best balanxe n of performance and price  .   phone came on time and works exceptionally well . i bought this phone to connect to my sprint line it had a bad esn not cool . great  .   i ordered this after looking into it extensively and love the product . i love it as an upgrade from the samsung note 2 . i did notice right off the bat that the sound was a little off and i took it as minor offset from from models unaware . some people told me that they had trouble understanding me when i called them and they sounded a little "bl-atty", to me over the phones hands-free speaker . i then had my wife call me with my phone to my house phone and have decided the problem was as if the phone had been dropped in water and not totally refurbished . just before i typed this i checked out a friends note 4 and his sounds great compared to mine . other than these issues the phone is great . the problem lies in the quality control ad sine i was sick for several weeks and still working the 13 hour night shift i was out of it and missed the return/warranty date so i am out of luck and can say goodbye to the money spent on this item  .   becuz it dies quick .   awesome phone . was very surprised to see it come bubble wrapped inside an envelope rather than a box but it seems to have been adequate protection . the phone came complete with s pen, no label nfc ready battery, and generic charger with cable . pen and battery work great . not a problem though, since it was stated that the charger was a generic one and i was expecting to have to buy a quick charge 2 . all features of the phone seem to be working and the few issues i encountered were remedied by clearing caches and updating apps . very pleased with this phone  .   phone was surprisingly in perfect condition . way exceeded expectations  . very pleased  . if i try to turn it back on it just drains the battery to 0% depending on how many times i try to turn it back on . the only way i can turn it back on is if i let it charge for about 30 min (then i am good to go) even if the battery is still at lets say 10% or 15% . this problem would really suck at a time during an emergency . i would have rather purchase a phone with a couple of bumps that actually worked verses paying the extra $150 bucks for a phone that looks nearly untouched yet it is unreliable  .   i bought a used phone from gizmo and it works exceptionally well except for a few hiccups once in a while and it overheating alot which i find annoying at times . but otherwise it works very well . the phone came exactly when it said it would and the condition was almost like new with a few minor paint chipping around the edges, almost unnoticeable onless looking very closely . overally i am pleased with this purchase  .   replaced my note 3 with this note 4 and glad i did . phone is faster than the note 3 and the battery last much longer than on the note 3 . my note 3 stylus fit so no issue there  . good phablet with enough ram to keep me moving . i also like the removable battery and micro sd slot . works well and is fast  .   good produt . i have enjoyed having this phone . excellent picture quality . the phone was in very good condition as well! thanks  . my husband truly loves this phone more then the remainder gifts he received from the family . i want to thank you so much for delivering on time . refurbished phone is great so far . only disappointing thing is that the rapid charger included didn't work at all .   this is a great phone . easy to use and a remarkable camera  .   firstly, i purchased this to replace a note4 that i broke the screen on . it arrived and i was impressed that it was in perfect condition . i charged it and when i turned it on, that's where my disappointment began .   mot a biggie but it also didn't look like the version that was on my phone prior to update . odd build number also,  .   "dongchau" or something like that (travelling and don't have the pics in front of me) .   4 bars at an awesome 1mb speeds  .   where my broken phone will show 24-30 mbs or so in the same spots (multiple throughout my town) .   while the phone was in gorgeous shape,  .   it was probably because these crooks just had it made . buyer beware  .   i received a samsung galaxy note 4 charcoal black 32 gb it is just what they said it was an i am pleased with the phone . the screen size of the phone made it comfortable to use so i wouldn't need my tablet every time i wanted to look at a videos or do a little reading in my spare time . it's definitely a good phone to use for your car as a navigation system without the need to get closer to see the directions . i didn't easily run out of space either like my old phone . i could record as many videos, take pictures, write notes, without the need for an sd card right away; the expandable memory is a plus just in case i ever need it . i love the camera quality on the front and back, the back takes crystal-clear photos and videos, and the front facing camera is excellent when it comes to doing video chats, and for those selfie-takers out there . the apps such as the activity logs is a nice feature for the phone, since i do a lot of walking and like to keep track of how many miles i walk as well as check my heart rate, oxygen concentration, etc . the battery life for the phone is actually a lot better than i expected it to be considering its size . there were a couple of times after work that i would forget to charge it and it still had enough battery to get me going the next day . overall a really nice phone with excellent capabilities for those that are inclined toward phablets .   very good  . phone came with a scratch on the screen . disappointed in that . wife is very happy with her new phone . even though the phone looked and worked great . it would not activate under the sprint network even though it said sprint compatible  .   good phone great deal  .   camera lens breaks too easily, wi'll be reselling this phone, it's not worth butting at all . does not come with sim card, best buy had one for 5 .00 and the sprint rep worked with sprint for an hour to get it traded with the one i bought through amazon for 17 . good deal  .   i absolutely loved this phone . it is the only phone i didn't knit pick to death right away . by far the most gorgeous panel out there . the s-pen took no time at all to get used to,having multi-window capability was awesomely useful . let me stop and say i am a dedicated apple user, more from need than choice . ask grandpa) i loved the note's capabilities, but verizon in typical fashion has not updated to marshmallow yet, no support for wifi calling and wifi calling is the deal breaker . i am confined to my home and mainly a wheelchair . on a great day i get three bars of 1x data, and if i roll to the western side of the house, i can actually make 1 in every 7or8 calls without dropping the call . if you think you might like this handset jump on it you won't be sorry .   i bought the samsung note 4 because i loved the note 3 . this device has amazing graphics and great stereo sound .   its a great phone but remember its not unlocked, it will be another fee to unlock! it is worth it though i should tell you  .   nicely sealed package and good to have additional s pen tips  .   i was a little hesitant to purchase this phone . but once i received it i was happy  . open the box awsome condition just like new .   awsome phone would gladly purchase another one . although i love the note 4 i received  . not sure if this is a phone issue or a battery issue . the phone itself is amazing, but the charger i received with my phone does not work at all  .   phone looks great and seems to work perfectly . i haven't had a single problem with the os,etc .   worth every dollar . horrible battery life  . works great and it came earlier than promised . a great phone  .   it's awesome  .   battery life amazing   .   phone is perfect, condition is like new  .   perfect replacement for my water damaged phone . came in excellent condition just as described . price was great  .   love it . i love it . does a super job for me  .   i'm real happy with this, it's almost perfect condition and works great so far . i broke my note 3 and this is way better than paying 25$ a month for their new stupid pay by month plans plus 11$/month insurance and huge deductibles  .   great phone  . slightly hesitant about buying a phone from here . especially seeing how cheap it was . works as if brand new . overall, great phone for a great price  .   better than my new galaxy s 5, ez to use & good used prices, mine cost 274 .00 best to buy phones this way .   love my phone  .   works great and like new . love it . i can't begin to tell you how pleased i am with this phone! i intentionally waited 2 weeks to see if there were any mishaps in the functionality of the phone and i gotta tell ya  .  it functions like new . the battery life was just fine although i purchased extra batteries and a spare portable battery charger because i never want it to die . there were a couple of tiny dent dings on the back, several scrapes around the edges and 1 small scratch on the bottom right side of the screen .  you're always learning new things about it no matter how old! amazing phone  .  amazing vendor  .   i appreciate a new phone at a low price but the phone does at 15%  .   received item as described ,very happy with it . the phone is freezing all the time . i'm not happy at all  . love it arrived on time and the best phone iveever had ''''''''❤️❤️❤️ . excellent smartphone  .   big scratch on front . return the first samsung galaxy note 4 (at&t) due to screen burns because these phones must be on all the time at a particular display, only to received the replacement with screen burn . i don't think anyone wants a cellphone with screen burn and they act like it is no big deal .   best phone i've ever purchased . been using it since it came out, it's fast and lasts forever . i could do without the silly pen, it serves no purpose .   fast delivery, looks new, completely happy with phone and works  .   i'm happy with my purchase . great product fast shipping  .   the battery dies at 20% . battery issues  .   the antenna has issues poor signal strength . i love this phone! i can write notes, turn them into text and send them to my email to save time with note taking . i like using the s-pen for transcribing and texting . the photo quality is great although the camera lens broke within a couple weeks and i'm unsure how that happened however, for $6 on amazon, it was an an easy fix . and the battery is decent-for excessive use i usually have to charge it by 1pm (7 hours later with heavy sporatic use) . so happy with this purchase  .   love it . arrived in perfect condition  .   owned a couple of smart phones galaxy 2 pantech discover and iphone 4 . beautiful colors plenty of apps and fast processor . love the phone and highly recommend .7 inch screen is a plus for me due to my poor eyesight  .   great phone! i had no problems with the phone or the seller . price was great and i'm totally happy with this buy .   i love it . i'm very pleased with my purchase which was described as very good condition was in excellent condition and is working great in all respects  .   i've been very pleased with this phone so far, the camera is great, the screen is very clear and east to read, if you like big phones, this is the phone for you . the phone had little to no scratches, in great condition . i'm glad i got it! and such a good price, too  .   the phone was really great at first but after 2 weeks the mic goes and now i have to figure out what to do  .   came exactly as promised, looks and runs like it's brand new .   for a used phone it is in excellent condition . i'm using straight talk sim card with this phone, i love it . i will order from this company in the future if anything goes well  .   i was a bit weary about making this purchase since my last online purchase of a used phone went horribly . i was also worried because there were no pictures available to look at of this phone and the description was generic . but i am happy to note that this phone works flawlessly and is in excellent condition . the screen had a few very small hardly noticeable scratches (i had to hold it at an angle in the light with the screen black), but the body and edges look great like it had been in a case the whole time it was used . i spend a great deal of time shopping around online for this phone looking for an affordable price, but also being careful to avoid the same problem i had previously . i only paid $10 than i did for the phone i had previously purchased from another site and it was physically damaged terribliy and had internal issues . this seller is great and replied to my email about my concerns letting me know the return poilicy if i was not pleased, something else i struggled with with the other company . amazon is the best and so is this seller! i now know who i will go through for my future used cell phone purchases  .   love it  . the home button don't work and it doesn't say that in the description so i have to return it  .   the phone looks great but i never got a battery for it .   awful! we bought the note 4 and it was in horrible condition . i guess i learned my lesson when buying a phone off of amazon and it will never again happen! very disappointed customer and will not make this mistake again . and the phone did not come with a charger or headphones like a normal phone should come with  .   now it seems small  . loooooove it! bought it used had a lt of scratches on the rims .   pretty good . i like this phone . however i do have a conflict between it being too large and too small . i like the largeness of it obviously for optical reasons of reading news and information . it is easier to read stuff and watch videos on . but when it comes to actual phone use and unexpected events, i can't handle this phone with one hand . i am conflicted but in general i think my next phone will be smaller  .   came in good condition and worked right on start up  .   can be a little buggy but to be expected buying an older used phone . got this used and looks brand new out the box and works very snappy and fast  .   love it .   perfect! came in exactly as advertised "like new"! only complaint would be the pen the tip just doesn't feel right, my recommendation would be edge cellular those guys know what they're selling  . i love the qhd screen,it's very easy to read, outshines my ios device screens . i get a full day on battery with heavy usage and 2 days with lighter use . the current lollipop os is a huge improvement over kitkat . i purchased this on amazon marketplace, the phone is in like new condition .i also purchased the fast adaptive charger from samsung, here on amazon . also, the fast charge will charge the battery from 0-5% to 60+% in 30 minutes . quite the handy feature . a great phone  .   great phone . the phone looked and works like new  . no complaints here  .   wow this phone was perfect . no scratches or dents, or even a cracked screen . works perfect with at&t . just go to your local at&t store and get your free sim card (must have at&t to get it free) . i've owned many of samsung's phones because their great phones . i have always bought them new because the one and only time we bought it used we got a phone that completely died after 2 months of regular use . the battery seems to be defective since one split second it goes from 14% battery to 0% and turns off . that's not so bad in my book because i can always just buy another battery . now when i looked to see if i can file a complain it seems they've already sold out of new note 4's so a replacement isn't looking like a possibility . the phone works great . no scratches so i can tell it's brand new . the headphone jack is the only issue so far  .   perfect, works great, long battery life can use from sun up til sun down then pop it on the charger while i sleep and its good to go again ( actually can full charge from 20% to 100% in abut a hour or just over even on my usb unit in the truck when i wont be back as/when intended ) love using it for movies and news since the screen quality is so great, the only thing that really destroys the battery usage is recording in 2k-4k which also eats memory but that is pretty expected, 1080p does not hurt the battery life near as much and you wont need a massive memory upgrade like you do for the 4k  .   the sound quality from the speaker phone and wireless headset is not very good  .   very happy, good price . my phone broke in an unexpected accident falling out of a moving vehicle to the ground into water puddle, and broke the screen and destroyed phone .   i love the phone it is awesome  .   breed the place that is selling it does not have good customer service though . i ended up having to go drive two hours to pick it up at the ups store cause the messed up  .   love love love this phone . i have placed heavy use on it in the last 12 hours and so far the performance is meeting and exceeding my expectations . shipping was fast and product was well packaged and i would definitely recommend this amazing phone to anyone who wants a phone that offers a big screen with great display, excellent productivity features, and somewhat user-friendly interface . love it . as listed, this gently used samsung galaxy note 4 was in like new cond . woohoo ! love it . but i plan to get a battery piggy back case to increase this so no problem really  . freaking love this phone and it even came in early, even tho i missed the mailman/ups guy . best buy that i've made on amazon  .   an outstanding purchase .   love it . it was in excellent condition . works well  .  i was very happy  .   very good phone . i was cocerned but it worked great! the battery was swelled a bit . overall very pleased since my old phone was stolen and much cheaper than buying out right  .   but i can always buy a new s pen and the price would still be way cheaper than a new note 4  .   i have not had any trouble with it as of yet .   arrived without a scratch, but there are app icons burned into the screen . there's a tiny scratch across the top, but other than that it works great  .   has a cracked screen . was fine about it since i paid not that much but worse thing was speaker for phone was not working :( so every call i recieved that day thought i was hanging up on them  .  worst experience . phone is in very good condition, love it  .   i am happy with this phone, even tho it's second hand, i haven't got to use it for long yet, cause i just got it, but first when i got it my hand and set it everything up  .   oh man it's great handle . great color, big screen, easy to type . best phone for very good money  . we tried to activate in our sprint plan and it wouldn't work  .especially when my fiance was excited about this phone . nice transactions  . no problems activating the phone with verizon wireless . beautiful phone, absolutely beautiful, it looks brand new, no cosmetic flaws, at all  .   works well . i love it! bought two . only thing that sucked is one of the chargers came broken . but overall, the phones were great  .   bought this phone used on here, i've had it a little over a week! so far works great . only had a few small scratches on the screen . very nice phone, i upgraded from the note 3  .   i like the note 4 and all work well for me  .   don't get me wrong, the phone itself is a great product, but of your thinking of flashing it to boost mobile, you can't . i have a case around the phone so the vibration from me placing it on a flat surface is minimal . below is my first review: i was hesitant to purchase a refurbished phone, but the cost out weighed the risk . this was less than half the price so it was well worth trying it out . phone had a few minor scratches on the glass and the frame, no big deal . i expected the phone to have a slower processor than a new phone, i was surprised, i cant tell if it's slower, which is a good thing . it did have an application that i was so frustrated with which i finally figured out "peel remote" . this leaves a transparent remote control on your screen and if clicked, it will freeze your screen . i'm happy with the phone but only time will tell if the processor slows down significantly  .   horrible phone . i bought this phone for my wife in 2014 and wasted a ton of money on a handset that died just past the warranty period . i have never had any issues with any of my iphones that i have owned since 2007 . cheaply built phone  .   no issues with the phone so far .i got my phone within four days of being shipped which was pretty good  .   i like the features on the phone the only problem i had is the battery seems to overheat a lot and the charge doesnt last too long so i brought me an brand new battery which i dont mind doing cause i rather have an brand new battery anyways . great two layer hybrid case  .   i bought refurbished, enjoyed the phone for about a week and then it stopped working . i absolutely love the note 4 so after i receive my money back i think i am going to try again and get "like new" &from a different seller  . i can't say enough about it  .   great product and great company . happy to do business with . fast delivery and phone as described . thank you   .   love this phone  .   love it  .   i'm in love  . i was worried about activating it but that went just as smooth as its operation . i couldn't be happier with the device .   so far, so good   . definitely not brand new don't recommend buying from this guy . bad battery sent with phone . great product  .   great phone . while i loved the look and feel, i wasn't happy with the user experience . before the iphone i had an htc one mini and i liked the customization . i know customization isn't as important to some people, but it is to me . i have a tab a tablet that i bought for school and i loved it so much . i was happy to research the note series . after struggling with the note 4 and 5, i decided that a glass back, though it looked nicer, wasn't going to matter because i would have a case on the phone most of the time . my note 4 (verizon) arrived today and i'm so happy with it . i've already noticed that the fingerprint swipe is nearly impossible to do with a case on the phone . at least, the case i purchased to protect my phone from drops . there's also lag when pushing the active apps button . in pretty much every way i've noticed so far, this is a great upgrade from the iphone 5 . camera is better, customization is better, keyboard is uglier but easier to use, and i find google now better than siri  .   great   .   the phone itself is decent though with lollipop the battery is much worse than my old note 2 with jellybean . for those using it greenify does wonders for battery life . if i had known this the moto x pure would have been a better choice . still it will work well for me until i find a better phone and when i am done with it it will become our all-in-one remote control for home . not a bad value just not quite what i had hoped for  .   came very fast and had no issues, love it  .   it was perfect for me . was in great shape, works good . i love it  .   thank you . the external speaker does not work and it does not recognize an external flash card . the headphone aspect works but the external speaker does not .   i use this phone and works great love it . fast shipping awesome phablet . i have used this phone for a few months now and at first i was a bit bothered by the size . now i can't understand why i ever had a small phone! the screen shows a crisp and clear picture and the camera is by far the best i've ever experienced on a phone . i have not had any software issues yet . i will note that the phone that i got was t-mobile unlocked to work on at&t . i was not thrilled at that because i thought i was going to get a at&t phone but it works just fine . even the free wifi from at&t works when you are in public  .   phone was a great price! you couldn't even tell it was used . it was in perfect shape . thank you  .   so far so good, i love this phone . with the right app, you can conserve battery life w/o comprising visual quality and function . i got it used from goodcellas and they described it as used / in good or very good condition and it was in excellent condition . there was the tiniest of superficial scuffs in an obscure spot and you can't even see it . i've been using it for a couple of weeks and i love it . i'm very happy with the seller and happy with the phone .   best phone ever . best seller ever . update great phone once they sent on that worked . was very nice , was not unlock had to return it . product arrived late, but vendor refunded my expedited shipping with no hassle . phone works great and looks and feels brand new  . it's a bit large but the screen size is very easy on my eyes . operations are very quick and i appreciate having the 3 gb of memory .1, so i believe it will work the same . this is a refurbished phone and despite some scratches on the back surface, it looks good . i have housed it in a decent case to protect it, which added some weight, but overall i am very pleased with this phone . the applications work well . i especially like the small footprint of the telephone app that appears with incoming calls when i'm in another app . the only short-coming i've noticed is the size of this phablet is at the extreme edge of what i would consider useful as a phone  . phone was in great condition just as promised . i would have gave 5 stars but my stylus kept saying dettached when it was attached, and it sounded like singing is loose inside of it . phone looks good, works good  . very happy with this purchase phone arrived in perfect condition . bought for girlfriend -- she loves this phone/tablet . phone calls are clear and response is very good  .   received this a lot faster than expected . it was scheduled to arrive on wednesday but it came the saturday before! i did tons of research before purchasing this phone and looked all over for a seller i felt i could trust and i don't feel disappointed (igadgets electronics on amazon marketplace) . it really looks brand new! the phone fits my needs because i did the research and feel like i was an "informed buyer" . so, if i don't like something on the phone it is my own fault unless it is a hardware error . i knew coming into this that it could be laggy and battery life may not be what i would say is extra lengthy with my type of use (moderate to heavy) . so, with that being said, here is what i have experienced: first thing out of the box it was totally 0% on battery, which i expected and am not complaining  . after it was all said and done i found out the base of the charger works but not the cord . i think this was out of their control as i have bad luck with buggy charging cords the whole time i have been a samsung user . it started right up and initiated the setup process . no issues with the setup at all . in playing around i noticed the lag here and there, experienced freezing up on two games, and was totally booted out of one game . that is something i had not expected and am not too excited about, but again i haven't contacted the seller because i bought used and if the only thing wrong is a crackling speaker at the top 1/4th of volume level i am fine with that . overall i am happy with my purchase and am glad i picked this seller (igadgets electronics from amazon marketplace)  .   fun to use and the cases that come with it are just amazing . if you enjoy long battery life and debating if you want this or the note 5 i say this is way better at battery life  .   arrived in perfect condition and has functioned flawlessly after charging  .   i love this phone . it is light and thin, and just the right size . my only gripe is that the at&t version cannot be rooted and looks like will not be possible ever, so if you rely on root, then this is not the version for you  .   i ordered this as a replacement phone and i honestly was expecting something to be wrong with the phone or not be as expected, but that was not the case . this is my 3rd note series and i would say this is the best smartphone (phablet) so far in my humble opinion . that is one of the many reasons i did not upgrade to note 5, due to 5’s limitations when not on 4g/wifi . secondly, the battery is removable - a big plus (unlike note 5) . another feature that i really like is having the sd memory card access/slot, it can be maximized to 64g, some have claimed to 128g (not sure though) . new samsung phones do not have removable battery or sd card, so this is probably one of the last phones that we'll see with these features available  .   great price . the condition was excellent and it works perfect . i like the 2 and 4 the best . i returned the note 5 after i used the camera it took grainy pics, and it had horrible video playback  .   this note 4 is just an awesome phone . i am very pleased  . the mic don't work so well on speaker phone .   but to my surprise it looked in very good condition . all works as stated and activated on sprint flawlessly .   i haven't had any problems with this phone the esn was clean like the seller said so no problems with activating it with sprint, so i do recommend this seller if your looking for a good used phone . my phone have two scratches on the side of it but besides that the phone is great  .   i am happy with this purchase . it came in good packing, and looked flawless . i have an otterbox case as the phone is big,and thus prone to damage during falls . it's been almost a month, and there are no issues with this phone  .   best phone i've ever owned, if you like android samsung is the way to go  .   i pove the s pen, hands down the best feature, but also the only reason why i would consider buying a samsung device again . i love the large screen and the functions are really nice . lags with switching of apps and running of certain programs . i find it reaching 15% and then instantly dying . with the nexus performing so much better, it's hard to choose samsung over it . the only thing that keeps me wanting the note is the s pen and it's easy note taking ability  .   great phone . works amazing  .   awesome phone great battery life . phone was actually better than described, very pleased and will order from them when i'm ready to upgrade again  .   this is the best phone i've ever had  .   love the phone . excellent condition . couldn't be happier  .   best phone ever! love the size and the features are second to none!i have had many cell phones and this was by the far the best of them all ,including my iphone!came very quickly and was as described! so far no issues, watching battery life though! i wiill update after a couple of months  .   great phone no cosmetic wear . great price . that bugged me a little initially but it's so easy to hold and doesn't slip at all . i love that there's a setting that alerts you if you leave the stylus behind and the stylus screen controls make it so easy to take a screenshot and mark it up and share it . mine note 4 came from at&t (which i sort of love ever since they become the "new" at&t) . the phone is big   .   maybe too big for a lot of people . for me, the screen is large enough to use as my standard kindle device and i do a lot of reading and web browsing on it . much improved design .   i bought an "like new" phone that acts like one about to die . it freezes and loses network all the time, which was never an issue before  . don't listen to your friend when they tell you to switch from an iphone to this just so you can draw stupid stuff on snapchat with the stylus . i promise it's only fun for about 5 minutes  .   hands down best phone i've used from an iphone 5s . i'm in love with this phone really nice and neat, my kids love it for games too  .   i have had 5 smartphones over the years and this one is definitely the best one i have owned . the favorite feature is the camera . takes incredible pictures even in low light . the only other "cell phone" camera that takes as good of a picture is the sony xpheria z3 . love the 5 . still a neat tool to have . trick is to turn location services off if you want the battery to last even longer . attaching a picture of nyc taken from top of one world trade center after sunset  . i really like the texture of the material it's made out of because it's easy to hold onto but still slides in your back pocket with ease . easy to put the phone in the case and all ports were accessible . i felt my phone was safe if i dropped it on a hard surface or something . the only problem was the color . it's not white-white, it's more like off-white . also would be worried it would pick up more color from my dark jeans or the inside of my purse .   very impressed with the quality of the phone! husband is very happy with it . love the s-pen, and the fact it has removable battery and a microsd slot . the 32gb standard memory is great too, all my previous devices had 16gb (or less) . takes great pics and videos, great in-app editing and touch up as well  .   wonderful phone, my wife loves it, simply swapping sim cards from her previous phone brought it up on verizon  .   nice looking phone but had defect in battery or power circuit . this was a refurb like new . i would stick with new devices if you can afford and find . the note 4 is a great phone . i love, love, love this phone! absolutely nothing wrong with it and no visible wear/scratches  .   looks just like new . i like that i can swap batteries and add memory to my phone . excellent phone  .   great phone at a great price . the phone is great and so are the features . the only problem i have with the phone is that it doesn't have smart rotation (where it reads your eyes to determine the orientation of the screen ie . landscape or portrait) and it sometimes vibrates for no reason but it doesn't bother me enough to give the phone a 20% reduction in rating . satisfied satisfied! i'm very happy with these guys! perfect phone great deal  .   i was very disappointed in this product . i found it for a good price but when i tried to activate it i could not . you would think they would do a better job since they had such good reviews . i would not recommended you buy one unless you want to get a useless phone cuz that is what i got  .   product was advertised as excellent like new condition . small defects happen small scr as the in the screen happen . but my phone has a large gash over the home key this is not excellent condition . it would be good and used condition i would have givin 5 stars for any defects other than screen defects  .   it was as good as new without the box . very nice  .   love it . i really like this phone . no problem  .   this phone was just as described and i have no complaints about it at all . i will use this seller if i get more phones like this again  .   very nice wife loves it . i like it a lot, but i do have trouble hearing on it sometimes . other than that i love the phone and its functionality  . it appeared new, but little issues are now cropping up making me wonder if it was refurbished . when on a call, it will start making a noise like i am mashing one of the numbers . sometimes the screen is unresponsive and i have to push the buttons over and over to get a response . it also seems to lose contact with my wi-fi when at home . feel like i am stuck with a lemon . just don't feel like i got the real deal  .   great phone so far, not sure if it was brand new as stated on the listing . the stick on protective covering on the back was off but in the box and there were no earbuds in the box at all .   i bought this note 4 for my wife since i love mine . she needed a replacement for her galaxy iii which was getting tired and has a much smaller screen . she loves the note 4 with it's large screen and snappy response  . i love it . very easy to use, so many features, love the pull out pen, easier to type, take down (write) people's name and number or take a note . no need to do anything but write, yellow sticky note save itself .   send and receive e mail and open pdf or pictures to view is great on my galaxy note 4, over all, i am very happy . i was pleasantly supersized that a cheaper phone could beat the iphone in quality! i bought in on amazon, (brand new) with verizon upgrade eligibility, only paid $200! phone conversations are clear, everything loads up fast, on wifi or 4g lte . the option and ease of settings is awesome . had no problem with anything so far  .   great phone great battery great pics and lighting fast . s-pen enough said  .   love it! coming from samsung exhilarate, huge change  .   love it . like new  .   wasnt the right phone at all but not their fault it was mine i should of read it right . the samsung galaxy note 4 looks excellent and works great  .   love the phone, camera sucks  . the phone works well but when it says that you can tell that it has been used, it has been used . the charging port is beat up and there are a lot of dings on it . no issues  .  not 'new' but pretty close, for condition . thank you . callers can not hear me clearly qhen talking through the speaker phone  .   the phone came in great shape . i am very pleased with it  .   phone was defective won't go pass the home screen . love it .  best phone out there . at first this device was good but that lasted only for about 2 or 3 months . the phone starting to glitch it does not work smoothly any more and it is not like i am asking the phone to do anything hard too . the thing that is the worst is the battery it promises a really great battery but this one is awful . i suggest that you never buy this phone even thought it has some really cool features .   a great current gen phone for the price . display is vibrant and is the star of the show . built in ir blaster was a nice surprise and can control nearly any ir input device including my ac and my hdmi 5 port switch  . i'm so glad i got this phone  .   maybe my lg before this was so terrible that this phone is like heaven, but i love it  .   love it . very buggy  .   i have had it for 3 months and have about had enough  .   it works well, however i cannot use this device as a phone because the seller has an outstanding balance so its total waste of money .   disappointed back cover doesn't stay on can't put a case on it . it arrived quickly and worked well after charging the battery . i went on line to tf via a chat web site (on the tf web site), where the helpful lady ignored the unreadable statement; -she activated the phone, transfered my "buckets" of talk, sms and data, as well as my old phone number to the new note 4 in just a few minutes . it is actually better than "all is well," as when i power the phone on, it shows the red background screen and verizon on the opening splash screen  .  ) my wife just purchased a new apple iphone 6s plus on friday; -i still like the note 4 a lot better  .   this phone has been refurbished and does not work correctly , stay away   . even with the new phones, this phone will still outshine them .   amazing phone  .   the phone was in great shape and at a great price  . i used my available upgrade with my carrier to purchase the note 4 through amazon . it was a smooth and easy transaction . worked out great . the phone itself is pretty cool . it's more like a novelty item/feature . however, i love the note itself . at first, i was concerned about the size of this thing . now, i find it hard to use smaller phones .   fast shipping, product as advertised, replacement charger was cheap  .   this was a great phone, and i got it cheaper than anywhere else on amazon . if you're phone shopping this phone is the complete package, but keep in mind it isn't small  .   think i wrote the wrong item excellent job guys finally being a owner of a note 4 excellent condition still figuring how to do my alarm clock .   but finally being an owner of this good phone very clear video quality a must have . was packaged good nice phone works well minimal scratches always liked the note four would repeat purchase in the future  .   it is working well as advertised  . what a great phone  .   i would ha e loved this phone if it didn't shut off all the time by itself . really disappointed that i waisted ao much money on a phone that has many mess ups . this is an amazing phone i love it . i had to pay full price for an upgrade because i am grandfathered in on the verizon unlimited data plan and they wanted to make me sign a new contract for a new phone with would have gotten rid of my data and set me on a limited plan, and i told them i would rather pay full price for a new phone . so i did, and i am very happy with my new (to me) note 4  .   love it . unfortunately it had to be returned because the sm card was not clean and the service provider was unable to activate phone service . so i am unable to rate  . literally not a scratch for be found on it from or back . the phone activated with my carrier without any issues  .   best smartphone that i ever had . love the removable battery and also the removable sd card . the samsung phones take the best pictures by far .   outstanding deal and service . phone looked better than advertised . they said it was fairly new, but it looks like it was never used . the phone itself is really good too . love this note 4  .   i thought the larger size could be a problem but it's nice to have this size for business operations  .   have had this bad boy for a while now, still people stare and say "wow, that's big!" i nod my head with a knowing smile and a flirting eyes i reply, "i know, thanks ." i have fairly large hands, i've been lead to believe . my gloves are usually xl to xxl so when i got rid of my iphone a few years ago for the note 2 it was like i could finally have a similar experience with my phone as most, it fit my hand more comfortably . this iteration of the samsung phablet however is more powerful, more capable and more classier . (it's a shame how i put a case on mine, every time i take it off to wipe it i'm once again impressed by the design and feel of the phone . only a fool (or very careful person) would go caseless! i went from note 2 to this phone, instead of from note 3 so i don't know what changed from the third to the fourth . however from the second to the fourth, the change although not drastic was done with style was much welcomed . the phone is slimmer and has a more luxurious hand feel with it's metal bezel and leather backing, especially compared to plastic of note 2 . whereas the second felt more rounder with its plastic shell, this phone feels more angular with precise edges and lower profile . i've always relished the fact that i could add more storage for relatively cheap (especially coming from an iphone) .   it's not necessary but if you get a phone with the capability (note 5 loses it) and the big bubba-lovin' screen, you gots to have some movies on there! android allows torrents and downloading from multiple places (be careful) unlike other companies that control their ecosystem .   i wish i would get stranded some where! (knocks on wood) i like the stylus, always been a fan of note's stylus though, nothing new here . some times i just dont feel like tippety tappin on a glass screen, so i hand write and either let the phone change it to text or leave it handwritten . i use the finger print detector to open the phone, it's pretty accurate, sometimes too accurate . when my finger is wet or oily it just blinks a picture of a water droplet on the phone and says "foo', wipe yo' finga off!" or if my finger is at the wrong angle, denied! but you can set different angles and what not, eventually i'll get in, i used to get locked out and have to type in the backup password but now that i got the angles down, i'm money! i can't really say anything that bad or nagging about this phone . i guess a front facing loud speaker would be nice, but it is just a phone and that's asking too much . it would be nice if it came with headphones too but i know most people wind up losing or not using . honestly they would just become my workout headphones and be kaput in a few months . i usually sell my phone for the new iteration but after hearing the note 4 is the last one to have removeable storage i feel like i'm gonna try to hold on to it for a while, a long while  .   what's not to like? it's fast, big, and does everything i need! i love being able to carry a second battery, if needed  .   i love my new note 4  .   much cheaper than what i would have paid with sprint . i did not have any problems getting it activated at the sprint store and i love this phone  .   great phone, still better than the note 5 . i love it . i love this phone . it was a great deal  . i liked the replaceable battery, microsd card and wireless charging and wanted a phone that would have those features as well . after ruling out most new phones due to sealed batteries, no microsd and just too expensive, i bought a gently used recently and i wish i had bought it sooner! even being a year old, this phone does everything! the amoled screen is beautiful and large . games, netflix, amazon instant video and hbo now all look amazing on this screen .5 hours screen on time before i need to recharge, way better than the 2-2 . adaptive fast charging is also an awesome feature, full charge in about 60-70 minutes from single digits is pretty sweet! i could go on and on but most everything about this phone has been reviewed to death, suffice it to say that i will gladly use this phone for the next 2-3 years . hopefully samsung will bring back the user replaceable battery and microsd to the note line  .   but i doubt it  . i have no complaints and feel that i saved money over purchasing from my carrier . i will be sticking with note4 for a while and feel it is a long life device with samsung supporting needed security policy updates and operating system upgrades . if you have problems, do research before making statements of fallacy or uneducated reviews of any phone . i'm glad to have this device  .   love it, but because i got the refurbished model it does lag a little but with the cleaner app it works much better  .   beautiful phone, perfectly packed and shipped, was a gift to myself, still working my way through all the great features! thanks  .   this phone was clearly the best phone of 2014-2015 and now it will be the note 5 for 2015-2016 . i've only had it a day but i can say that i should have gotten this phone the day it came out! great size, picture, sound, speed and look! thank you samsung  .   i love it . came in great shape . its like having my whole life in the palm of my hands  . os seems choppy at times .   great phone, great price  .   so far this has been an excellent purchase my best of 2015 actually . this phone was defiantly worth the money and at the used price it was a steal . it's condition was nearly flawless rather than one minor screen scratch that wasn't even noticeable unless you looked at it very closely . the battery charges like normal so it was in very good quality . it lasts a day like normal charge . also when i purchased this used phone i was very weary of sneaky screen replacements because they are never as good as the original . the screen on my phone has not been replaced from a cracked original one and is a top 5 screen/display on the market as it should be as of this point in time fall 2015 . 4g lte is great as well . the screen is large but feels good in the hand and i can still text with one hand because i have larger hands . with the note 4 you can't go wrong as a power user this phone will be relevant for the next 3-4 years and people are constantly complimenting my phone . it is better than the note 5 imo due to the ir tv blaster, removable cover giving more case options, exchangeable batteries, mirco sd storage up to 128 gb, and this is more of a function over form phone if your split between the two .   great unit, big clear screen, and long lasting battery  .   this is an awesomeness sandwich with a side of bad assness  .   just like new . better than expected and yes the phone is great, too . bought for my wife and happily enjoying upgrade from s4  .   i bought this for my husband and i'm so jealous because i want one too  .   really great phone . i have a note 2 so i really thought this was the best way to go . i didn't care for the home buttons it just felt odd and i don't like the new panel for the pen for it to work . the note 2 pen was easy just take out and use . but the screen is great and it's a fast working device . he loves it  .   very good phone . nice phone works great, however; i didnt know that by purchasing this phone that i would get caught up in a two year contract by the carrier .   s pen works accurately, battery last for well over 24 hours and that is with listening get to pandora and tunein radio for 10 hours . graphics are crisp and clear . camera works well .   love the phone, the camera is the absolute best! but it's obvious something is wrong with it, and i'll have to return it . the phone has a glitch that makes it black out in the middle of what i'm doing . pretty annoying for an over $400 phone  .   the issue i have is that the phone was not unlocked when i received it . after getting it unlocked, i find that whomever had this device previously, did not clear out their samsung account properly and now it's locked to their account "due to an abnormal factory reset ." not a good way to start things off for your customers who spend so much money on a device that they can't even use . so now i've got to do all the dirty work and try to isolate the issue myself which is unacceptable . who had these devices previously? how can we get this resolved? can it be resolve and if not, then i will certainly be putting in a refund for this . nice phone . best phone thus far . solid phone and does not seem to be buggy . screen is a perfect size . excellent features . samsung has a winner here--too bad they are moving toward the apple model with the next series  . i have enjoyed it since the minute i opened the package . at first i was a little concerned because it said could not recognize sim card . awesome price for an amazing phone  . awesome phone . its almost like a hand held computer . extremely practical and functionally superior  .   great phone . this phone has cheap unoriginal parts the "s pen is broken . it is very easy to tell it is not original having thoroughly used one of these devices before . i am very disappointed with this device and with the seller trying to ripoff an unknowing buyer . this seller is not trustworthy  .   love my note 4 . what can i say other than i love this phone . i like the size of the onscreen keyboard when texting or emailing as i don't mistype nearly as much as i did on my s3 . the s pen works well if you are into that feature . the camera is really good and takes excellent pictures for a phone . i love that it has the expandable memory as i use it for videos and have a lot of pictures and don't want to take up all the space on my internal memory . i did have an issue with it locking up initially, but did a net search and figured out it was due to the messenger notification feature on facebook . i cannot blame that on the phone itself as it was found to be an issue with the android update that i am not sure has been fixed or not, but i don't need that feature so not an issue for me . great open box item from amazon warehouse deals  .i simply love it - it's the new and improved version of my s3 . i love the extra functions that come with the stylus . i thought the size would be a problem, but i actually like the bigger size; it's so much easier to use the camera and to read ebooks  .   with the news that like the galaxy s6, the next note would lack a removable battery and expandable storage, i jumped at getting this . all in all i am very impressed and i use the stylus more than i expected . the only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is that occasionally i find the response time when i touch an option to be slower than expected .   nice phone . not disappointed at all  .   i love my galaxy note 4! thanks amazon  .   better than described . bought this under used/very good category and it's used/excellent . got here 12 hrs early and i have only had it for about 10 hrs but works great . buying a high priced used electronic can be scary but can not speak highly enough of this experience  .   i am annoyed by the constant updates . so far i am satisfied by the battery life and fast charging  .   love it  .   love the white, the screen size is amazing . i don't find it difficult to use it as a phone being larger since it's so light  . fast and takes awesome pictures  .   excellent phone and battery life . got this phone about 2weeks ago and have had several issues pros: -big screen -camera takes great pictures -lighter than other phones the same size -great health features built in -widgets are neat -location based features are great cons -as soon as i put a few apps on the device it has slowed down considerably (everything i have read on this leads me to believe this is normal problem on android devices for some reason) . most fixes to this require you to figure out which app is causing the issue then delete it . never had that issue on other phones .71gb, see pic) this also appears to be normal when i read about issues people are having with android . -if you like using samsung's s note its okay, (the stylus defaults cannot be changed to another note taking app) . (make sure nothing is running in the back ground too) all in all it has been a very frustrating experience . good luck from samsung: in regard to the device using ram even when apps are not working, we would like to inform you that even apps are closed on the device it will be running in device background and it uses the memory to run on the device .   we suggest you to force stop applications and check if the issue persists . from the home screen, tap on apps>> settings>> applications>> application manager>> swipe screen right or left to all tab>> open the apps from the list and tap on force stop . in regard to the email notification issue, please check if you are using same email account on three accounts, if you are using same account you will receive notifications from three apps as it will synced with the device . ---i get notifications from: --samsung email handler (don't want, but checks emails) --gmail email handler (don't like, doesn't get all emails, but ties some calendar functions together but not dependable) --and outlook which i installed (i use outlook and this was to only way to get my work emails, because nothing else would set it up, their app is not --good either as certain functionality is limited, no to do list or task manager updates etc .) ---why isn't there a normal email handler like on every other device i have had that can handle tasks, contacts, calendars, etc . i've never had this be an issue on windows or iphone . in regard to the calendar/task issue, we would like to inform you that tasks will not sync which you receive from email account, however, if you have configured outlook account and if the events are saved in outlook only then it will be synced . also, why is this so difficult? never had this problem on any other phone . in regard to dial and enter code to get an email, please check if you are using any third party app, as the default email app does not ask for any code to open the email . in regard to using the stylus with onenote app, we would like to inform you that the stylus should work with the app, however, please check the compatible with the app developer . ----the stylus will work with the app . i bought this phone to enhance my use of onenote . now this lack of features disables me . in a time where every default can be changed to suit your needs this phone is extremely limited in regard to the battery draining, device freezing, app shutting down and notification issue, please access the link below to follow the steps to troubleshoot the issue . -----why should i have to do this? why should i have to do any of this? i just want a phone that works, the way i want it to and won't catch on fire in my pocket, freeze up whenever i want to use a map or open two apps, run out of battery as soon as i take it off the charger . i fixed the battery issue sort of . great now i have to carry extra batteries because the battery will die if i decide to use any apps? link: http://support-us . uninstall applications: can cause issues with the system during power on . ------why? no other manufacturer has told me to remove problem apps like outlook, waze, or facebook? these are not strange apps that i don't want on my phone . out of memory: device that is out of memory can cause delays and keep applications from opening . memory card issues: old memory cards may cause issues with stored applications . factory data reset: resolve device issues with a factory data reset . why sell a phone that doesn't work and has to be reset? waiting to hear back again  .   i am actually really impressed with this device . i was worried hearing the reviews about it working horribly with the lollypop update, but i have had it over a month and have had no problems besides one . my only problem is the amount of bloatware . the processes that run in the background are annoying like ant radio . the battery holds up really well and is great for using it all day and not worrying about accidentally forgetting my charger at home when i go to work . (my previous phone would be dead before i even got out of work without even touching it) . phone is in good condition  .   great phone  . love this phone  .   it's ok a little bored with it now . the phone was in great condition as used  .  it works well but the touch screen sometimes doesnt work . but i think i got a good deal  .   have enjoyed my note 4 just like i did my galaxy s3! i may not use as many features as some but i have enjoyed all those i do use .  it's my baby! i was curious if the battery life was much better than on my galaxy s3, which many complained about . i have to say that the battery life on the note 4 is soooooooooo much better  .   great product, great price . product didn't work correctly had to send in for repair . it's big and it's the best phone i have ever had i'm a big guy so the size fits me great if you have smaller hands it can be a little hard but that's not me so no knock there . phone was in good condition, exactly as advertised, and works perfectly . it fits in my budget and is an excellent phone . the camera is awesome and the large screen makes using apps and web browsing easy . the display is wonderful  .   i like what this phone can do, and the many different options there are to customize it, the camera is amazing  .   great phone best price . so far i'm loving the phone . wonderful, big hd display, terrific speaker sound, and lots of memory for files and tunes  .   awesome phone! in perfect condition & no problem with activation at verizon  .   love the phone . got this over my previous samsung galaxy s3 which had become terribly slow over the years . phone is big for one handed use but you get used to it . there is also a one handed use mode which is nice - surprisingly i thought i would never use it but i end up using it a lot - kudos samsung! amazon display, fast processor for an android, excellent battery life - even with bluetooth and location on, easily lasts 1 . camera is also superb - one of the best cell phone cameras i have seen the stylus is quite handy for taking notes, overall a 5 for me this one  .   great phone and great seller  .   - all around slow to complete tasks - overall bad mobile signal strength even when my other old evo 4g lte phone has good signal and i work in several large cities . - not able to use hotspot unless very strong lte signal even when my old evo 4g lte phone hotspot works . - no slider zoom on cam, pinch zoom is choppy . - unable to capture stills from video . - unable to save emails as calendar tasks to come back to from the calendar . - unable to see soft keys when screen is lit . - physical home button in the way and hard to push (everything is a soft tap but the home button)  .   overall a great phone . good size, pen feature, compatible with all my other devices and is tough . i have no complaints with the note 4 . it takes great pictures, has a large but not too large form factor, has great functionality with the stylus abilities, has excellent color in the screen, sufficient storage, fast changes between apps as well as the ability to open multiple apps - like if you want to listen to youtube while looking at the internet . i've had a bad experience with the seller estock - they show a clear pattern of poor quality control with their products though their delivery was one day from order to mailbox . i had a great experience with amazon prime where i've been able to return all defective phones with no hassle for a full refund . the first which i am using right now has been perfect for about a month . the 2nd phone had a red smudge about the size of a dog tick under the glass . the 3rd had a problem with screen rotation and the stylus . the screen did not auto rotate and the stylus had a tip that fell out inside the phone silo . the 4th phone had a problem with freezing, a loose home key, a stylus that had a tip that fell out, and it didn't operate at all with the stylus . estock did promptly ship replacement styli and the one that finally stayed intact was a black one .   very clumsy cover with plastic all over . it is a hit and miss when it works . camera quality is a bit better than iphone3 . low light camera is at the worst quality . i have 7 different phones at home since i am a developer and i do not like this device over what it actually do . some improvement has been made on quality compared to note3 but it's very little . i recommend either sony or lg over this one  .   good   .  thank you . easy process to buy . it seems to be a great phone so far . have not found anything that i don't like with it  .   good phone . the phone itself is pretty awesome, but the battery may need to be replace from my experience from using samsung . the battery can become defective for no apparent reason and usually a new battery swap is the answer . very pleased with the upgrade  .   phone is in great condition, super fast and reliable . i would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new phone  .   awesome phone  .  definitely exceeded my expectations  .   love it . phone had a scratch on screen other than that all is good . i like using my phones without any cases, the chamfered edges on the note 4 are just to fragile . hopefully with the note 5, samsung address this issue  .   great phone love the pen for quick memos longer battery life sometimes lags but not nearly as often as my s3 or s4 did the verizon bloat ware doesn't help so i don't fully blame samsung on that, excellent screen size and performs all other daily necessary functions for the person on the go, cheaper than buying at the verizon store as well  .   absolutely wonderful phone . very responsive, had the note 2 before and it is a great improvement  .   excellent case! all of buttons line up along with the mic and speaker holes . also fits very well  .   well, it was great until at&t forced the infamous lollipop 5 .1 operating system "upgrade" and messed up a bunch of stuff  .   this is the best phone i have ever owned . i wish i can add more to this review, but there is so much i like about this phone that i can't fit it all here! great job samsung, i'll be keeping this note 4 until my contract renews  .   my wife loves everything about this phone, great battery, awesome screen, exceptional utilities . she really loves the calendar and camera  .   great phone . i was so excited until  . if i wanted a phone with less options than the galaxy 3-4-5 - i could have bought an iphone! so, after much research i ordered the note 4 and it is the best phone i have ever owned . i bought 3 spare batteries and a 128gb card and i am ready for anything because this phone can handle it . there are so many complaints about lollipop . i'm not sure if it's an issue with samsung or verizon, but until i see that the bugs are worked out i'll keep 4 . this review is based on the problem that i am facing with its reception . since i have this phone, i have multiple times complained to att and their answers somehow never resolved my issue . i get very poor signal or sometime no signal which resulting into not reachable or going calls directly into voicemail . the people who calls and talk with me complains about voice is bad or not clear, breaks etc . i changed my sim card through att assuming it might be the bad sim causing this issue . now i am tired of everything .   awesome phone! but the boot loader is locked f*$# you att and verison  .   phone is worthless now after waiting 6 months for a root and not im out over 400$ because its decreesed in value and i want to sell this piece of s@#$ . great phone for a normal user, but if you like tech and want to root your phoen for the most out of your money get a nexus or anything els  .   great deal, love everything about the phone and was in very good state . this is the best phone i have ever owned and i've had a lot of phones! i bought this phone to replace a note 2 . the camera is wonderful - pictures are sharp and clear . they are actually better than my very expensive camera . the only issue i have with the phone is samsung still insists on putting the speaker on the back, which really doesn't make sense . with a phone this big, i usually make calls using the speaker which means i have to turn the phone over for good volume . a problem if you are chatting face to face . the same issue if you are watching tv on the phone . all in all, i do love this phone and would recommend to anyone  .   very user friendly and i love the multiple window visuals  .   very happy with this phone . i am loving it  .   excellent phone . great phone . easily the most powerful smartphone i have ever used . i would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of digital anything . it has a wonderful, spectacular camera with innovative shooting modes, such as panoramic selfie . i got mine refurbished and after a month or so of use, i still love this phone more than any other tech i have owned . i would be disinclined to recommend this phone if you want something suuuuper simple . the s-pen functionality has significantly improved and the s-pen tip choice is a stellar addition, making your pen feel most comfortable and pen-like for yourself . the fingerprint scanner works flawlessly about 95% of the time . if your fingers are wet, make sure you set an easy backup password . i have mine on kit kat currently and there haven't been any flaws in the software . it is a little heavy on the bloatware etc, but the phone is fantastic  .   love my phone . perfect replacement for my note3 . love it . great item, great price  .   great phone . very nice phone and as item description . best phone i've ever had . great phone . you're welcome  . not a nick or scratch, may as well have been sent from the manufacturer . it was and is perfect  .   i love my phone, i am very satisfied with purchase  .   can't say enough about this phone, love it  . outstanding! can't go wrong if you need bigger screen and ridiculous resolution . highly recommended  .   best phone i ever had . love it, love it, love it . debated for quite awhile on what to get, but then my old phone broke and my hand was forced . what sold me on the note was the expandable memory and replaceable battery . some things i wanted to know and now do: -touchwiz is fairly seamless with android at this point, or at least it feels that way . -the performance is as snappy as anything i've ever used . once you tune the phone the way you'd like (i disabled a bunch of apps i'll never use, hopefully to preserve ram; i also turned animations off to preserve battery life), it's fantastic .   loved my note 2 and love note 4 even better . faster  . i upgraded this from a samsung note 2 . lots of features, good camera , s pen, great screen , powerful processor . great, worked as expected . excellent phone .   absolutely love it  .   everyone kept telling me not to get it because it was too big! (i have amall hands) but i can handle it just fine  . did i say how much i love my phone? :) just one problem . it looks like my sims card is bad . she took it out and put it back in and said if i had any more problems with it to call sprint and they will replace it . it worked a while but just today the message came on again saying my card could not be located . still, i love my note 4  . the only problem i have with it is sometimes if you have someone on speaker phone they cannot hear you . i dont know if this is due to the noise cancellation on the phone or maybe just the nature of this device  .   powerful phone . just a little big  .   i went from s3 to this and it's like night and day . i can't say enough about the clarity and the feel . very small bezel, light but sturdy feel and the display knocks s3 out of there . extremely pleased with purchasing it through at&t . had issue with porting my number but they fixed that within 1/2 of my call .   great phone . fast processor and good battery life . good camera and display  . as long as samsung keeps the note line alive i'll keep buying! great job  . having also owned the note 2, the iphone 6 plus is basically that same phone (from 2012) but without the stylus or excellent multitasking modes, or widgets, or replacable bateries, or  .   honestly, i love this phone . i love the new features added as well as the mapping of the keys 8 like the better camera and the addition of the slow motion feature . that being said, they took off one of my favorite features to be able to take pics realtime with different lenses like the oil pastel or cartoon and moved themost into the picture editing . most of the time just listening to music and using fb requires a charge before the end of my work day . and there aren't any good alternative extended batteries  .   i love my new phone and the price i paid for it  .   exactly as advertised, great product, good condition  .   i have to say i'm very satisfied with this phone  .  it was not what i originally expected, but it was a very nice surprise  .   i like the galaxy note 4 a lot . the phone is functional, but annoyingly limited because of its dependence on the sim card . not sure what my next steps are, but am frustrated with this gap in the product given the expense of the purchase  .   great phone . love this phone . fast delivery . love my new phone  .   great buy . i love this phone  . the large screen is useful for texting and viewing  .   very good phone close to the s6 . love my new phone . text messages were disappearing on 2 of the devices i purchased from amazon ,due to an "att" issue  .   love my note 4, i was deciding between the note 4 and s6, and decided to go with the note 4, completely happy with the mult-functional uses . great price and more efficient then the s6 . its powerful phone with removable battery, add storage and stylus pen  . best part is the stylus .   awesome phone .   very confused on all the features and how to use them since i was strictly an iphone user  .   best smartphone ever, and size is perfect  .   far and above the best mobile phone i've ever had . beautiful screen, smooth and powerful processor, spectacular camera, multi-tasking tools and the s-pen .   best phone have ever owned  .   this phone freezes every other time i attempt to use the camera, send a picture message, or attach a file . the bad part about it is that it started freezing on day 31 . multiple applications visibly slow the processor . the note 2 was much better  . great battery, quick charging, the features are great, have had no issues with this at all . love it, this is my 4th galaxy product starting with the s3, best so far .   great phone  .   samsung has made an amazing phone . i was split between s6 (latest phone, amazing camera features) and nexus 6 (stunningly big screen); then i chose note 4 and voila, it gave me satisfaction of both these phones in one . screen is super amoled good  .   upgraded from an iphone 4s, still grandfathered in for verizon's unlimited data so had to buy outright . this was an easy choice for me since i love drawing and watching movies and shows as the note 4 dwarfs the iphone 4 period let alone the screen  .   didnt like it . aside from some glitches with the wifi at work (no problems elsewhere), this is a great phone  .   first one i got had a problem with the microphone . ill be happy with this phone for a nice long time . my phone is great no scratches or dents and works like brand new  .   very happy customer .   love this phone .   love my new note . the camera is incredible  .   i love my note 4! battery life is super! i can't think of any negatives  .   love it . wonderful phone! i bought this about two months ago to upgrade from my samsung s3 . i wanted a little bigger screen and the note 4 has a great display . calling and e-mail are are easy and work fine . will regularly connect at 500 to 800mbs on 5ghz band and does much better at at the ends of my home far from the router . so online downloads will be limited by your cable company speeds, not this phone! pen and screen notepad functions work well and handy for quick notes or sketching out a little layout drawing etc . battery life is very good and will charge from 15% to 100% in less than 60 minutes in fast charge mode . camera is great, much better than s3 . the phone is big so this takes a little getting use to but it will still fit in your pocket with a rubber slip on case .01 which makes the phone even better! costs about $100 more than the s5 but worth every penny to me . i have had none of the problems that some of the 1 or 2 star reviewers post here . in fact i have had no problems with this phone at all  .   by far, this is the best phone  . just updated it and love it . put a 64gb card and it works great . love the onboard stylus and the fact if you leave it behind, the phone alerts you before you get too far away . ironically with the larger screen and the case i have for it  . it fits so perfectly in my hand that when i hold my old samsung galaxy s3 it seems so small . this is also the fastest charging phone with the provided fast adaptive charging plug . i have a business and this phone is a great tool  .   wonderful phone . bought it for my husband and he loves it . what is not to love  .   a brick would be better than the droid bionic he was using  .   love the phone . only problems i had with it is that the battery was no good and it didn't come with a charger . i had to buy a charger straight up and then a battery right after . the phone itself was in great condition and works like a dream compared to the old droid bionic i was using  . the phone is pretty amazing and i liked that i can add my own storage . the phone is rather large but i like the full display . i would recommend this phone to anyone  .   this is a great phone! the speed of the processor is amazing . the large screen size is great for my over 50 eyes! do not get an iphone, get a samsung note 4  .   nice phone . its fast and fluid when browsing, and the screen quality is beyond belief for hd videos  . this phone is awesome and i got it at a great price . the shipping was super fast and my phone was easy to activate as soon as i received it . thank you for offering the latest phones at the best prices  .   best phone for a professional! email, social media, the works . i had the 2, 3, and just upgraded to this 4 . i pass them down to my daughter who is in sales each time i upgrade and she loves the note as well! the camera is much better on this one and that was a needed improvement  .   i have to say that this is the best cell phone that i have ever had you don't need your computer no more you are walking around with your computer in your hand and if i had to write all the things you can do with this phone i would need a few pages i am learning something new everyday, yes it a little big but just wait till you see the screen you will love this phone  .   i see her using it all the time and it looks like it must be awesome  .   great phone . upgraded from note 2 and this one is far more superior in every way from build quality to performance and screen resolution  . love it glad i purchased it  .   this phone is fantastic  .   good price at that time . delivered as promised  .   you are better off buying a factory unlocked as opposed to a verizon unlocked phone . many features don't work e . the number key does not work when you are prompted to enter a numeric option key after it is connected . also the hot spot option does not work, the phone number can not be recognized .   the best phone i have owned . love the stylus functions . i like the bigger size, it still fits in my pants pocket . amazon has the best pricing on phones out there  .   love the phone . i had the note 2 previously and loved it . it feels slimmer than the 2 and fits better in my hand . my bluetooth headset works fine . has anyone else had this issue and do you have any advice on how to get a replacement? thanks  .   best phone ever . the best phone i have so far . i love it . if not having a changeable battery and micro sd card port in your phone is a deal-breaker, this is the phone for you! i have been a samsung cellphone customer for about eleven years and have owned the galaxy s2 and s4 and love samsung's quality . even consumer reports rates the much older s5 above the s6 for these issues and the note 4 has the fast battery charging feature that consumer reports loves, but is not found in the s5 . upgrading from the s4, i am extremely happy with the larger li-ion 3,220 mah capacity battery, better speaker, and fantastic screen/screen size in addition to the other features that come with a new phone: faster processor, better camera, etc . additionally, i am impressed with the fast battery charging feature, pen, and other note features . my only gripe is with the maximum capacity of the micro sd card port: the phone only supports up to a 64gb card -- no better than my two-year-old s4! overall, i am very pleased and have no regrets about not buying a galaxy s6 and only hope that samsung sees the error of it's ways regarding changeable batteries and micro sd card ports in time for my next phone! accessories i recommend for this phone (and own):'chapter xvi the book premium leather case;verus thor heavy drop protection case;samsung galaxy note 4 protective cover/case;multifunctional outdoor sports climbing wasit bag for the samsung galaxy note 4; and the'joto samsung galaxy note 4 tempered glass screen protector  .   the s-pen is probably the number one feature of this phone, and works beautifully . on the downside the inability to use google voice commands globally for the phone is a major downside, as the samsung voice commands are less intuitive and the voice it responds back with is super robotic . i have never personally liked the touchwiz user interface, however when paired with the s-pen it does bring out the good of the touchwiz interface . i upgraded from the galaxy s4 with cyanogenmod . i love cyanogenmod, however i will not be installing it on this phone because you lose most, if not all of the built in functionality of the s-pen, which was one of the features that sold me on this phone; and i must say it has proven quite wonderful  .   great phone  .   these are great phones, nice step up from the s3 and nothing apple produces can compete . thought it might be too big but it's just about right  .   the galaxy note 4 is nice i like it  .   has some minor issues from time to time but overall a fantastic phone  . beautiful display . this thing is huge and fast, takes great pictures and has a great battery . i compared it to the note edge in the store and liked this better, since it was easier to hold  .   best phone on the market .   i love my note4 except the fact that i cant be on the phone and internet at the same time . love the phone .   great phone . best phone ever! just waiting for the update from samsung . love it  .   great speed with the shipping and i love this device . i love this phone a lot of storage on the phone and with the 128gb memory card i never run out of storage space . i do need to restart the phone about once a week or it starts acting up by not connecting to my bluetooth or something but it is by far the best phone i have had  .   i got the phone this is my second note 4 and currently having issues this one atleast once a day it will randomly shut down i've tried factory reset and other help articles i've found but it still locks up and won't work until removing battery to restart . if any help on this would be awesome i don't really wanna be without a phone to return this  . i would recommend this to anyone who would like to try this smartphone  .   love it   .   awesome phone  .   love the white color, love its functionality and the awesome rapid charger! love my new phone and amazon had the best price! no one could beat it or my new phone  . note 4 is perfect size . samsung note edge was too funky to see using curved right side glass .   i'm a retired middle aged guy loving the upgrade from samsung s4 to samsung note 4 . love google apps on samsung note 4 . i got $100 cheaper on amazon from amazon-verizon fulfillment than from verizon direct . life is good  .   love it . great overall phone . love love love this phone it is everything i was looking for . great phone . i love it . great pictures and easy to use . light and nice looking . battery is great  .   great phone . service is okay, but this device has been update ready for months and at&t still won't release the update  . real bummer! otherwise, i have not used the phone enough to otherwise comment  .   so love this phone  . though i thought the camera would be a little better though . feels better to hold then the note 2 and has many features i havent gotten to yet . at first it died a little too sucky but it got so much better after about a week or two  .   super quick and super fast response .   love it  .   love my new phone  .   amazing freaking phone . i love it  .   great phone, i live it . love it  .   excellent! i love it . great price! i have a note 8 as well . i love the note line  .   the camera is perfect  . build quality from samsung is improving a lot these days . note 4 has much better build quality than s5 and it feels much better to hold this even than iphone 6plus . beautiful display with 2k resolution . i had the iphone 6plus also for few days and note 4 has better battery life than 6 plus . expandable memory and replaceable battery . slow updates . touchwiz can be annoying at times  .   my only complain is there's no 32g and no earplug . i love this phone no complaints . screen is amazing  .   love it better than the note 2 . my note 2 needed to be replaced and this note 4 is awesome  .   it doesn't really seem that much bigger than the note 2 to me, although it was difficult for me to find a wallet case  .   awesome phone s . samsung overall has a great phone but they need to really get tech with upgrades . i love my galaxy note 4 . i came from a lg g3 and it is by far the better phone . the battery life is really good for as large of a screen as it has and even when i use my mobile hotspot function it doesn't drain as rapidly as other phone had in the past  .   more scratches on the screen than i thought but works good so far . takes awesome crystal clear selfies, regular pics are just as crystal clear . has the same 16mp as the samsung galaxy s5 but i find the note 4 pics are a lot clearer and better than the s5 . selfies are certainly far better than those taken with the samsung galaxy s5 . i love this phone - but because i love galaxies . the cut and paste option is fun - but not really useful . i prefer the options on the s3, but the photo quality of the note4 . that said, there are some nice features like the way you go back to open pages . love that .   it's not bulky at all . i like that . and when you talk it's long enough to feel like a phone . it's a great smartphone . glad i bought it . highly recommend  .   best phone out . best  . love it  .   the phone and the flip cover works great and i'm pleased . phone works very well and samsung note 4 is the best! very happy with the purchase . i like it . better than my note 2 . awesome phone  .   easy to activate and fast shipping .   great phone - expensive so it is definitely a treat! bought mine for my birthday :) . great phone, does way more than i'll ever be able to learn to do with it  .   awesome phone! i love every ascept of this phone  .   awesome phone . beautiful screen can be used in direct sunlight . android is very stable and has so much flexibility . sprint service cannot provide simultaneous voice and data (except when you have wifi) which can be a major negative for some people  . the slightly larger size is a nice compromise . he has no complaints  .   best phone/tablet ever . i kept getting a damaged phone . love my phone and finally it works . i could not love this phone more! i had the note 2 (which i sold to gazelle upon receipt of this) . also, the fact that you can purchase it substantially less than at a verizon retailer is even better :) no when i want to purchase something, i first look on amazon because you can almost guarantee they will beat any price  .   loving it . best phone ever . just a lot of phone in a great package . it helped a former i-fone fan to switch (not me)  .   great phone  .   best one i have ever owned . i bought this phone from here for 100 less than the retail store and i couldn't be happier  .   works well for me . the display is awesome in all lighting conditions . even though the speaker is on the back i have not yet had a problem with hearing anything, but i also don't expect stereo like audio . i am happy with this purchase  .   best note ever  .   best ever  .   i'm happy with my purchase so far . the larger galaxy note 4 design feels different in hand as it is both thinner and larger . this led me to look for a thinner case than i originally purchased . i was delighted to learn that samsung made a case for the note 4 . the samsung galaxy note 4 case, protective cover both protects and doesn't add a lot of bulk to the phone . someone out there got a sweet note 4 on that deal  .   arrived on time and son loves this phone . great cell . upsm is a life saver  .   it arrived today as it daid it would now chargering and learning how to work it . samsung is doing better as time goes on  .  but needs a lot of improvement in their glitchy and sluggish operating system  .   nice phone came in as advertised and has worked well  .   i really love it . the fast charger is also wonderful . i can now charge the phone within less than half hour, while i prepare for work in the morning . i just whip out the stylus, click on memo and i am writing! specially nifty in meetings and note-taking can have several pages . but the beauty is to import it as an electronic note afterwards . the note 4 is really worth it  .   just everything is so wonderful  .   i love this smartphone except 1 thing .   size and functions meet my needs and exceed my expectations . easy learning curve . photos are incredible  .   great phone . best phone i have ever owned (seriously) and i have had just about everything (except the iphone) very bright screen and battery life is best i have ever had with a smart phone . love it  .   i have one and i gave this one to my wife and she loves it  .   love this phone  .   the size is great and i love the stylus that came with it  .   excellent upgrade from a nexus 4 . i actually prefer the samsung ui and apps to the stock android experience now, and i'm very impressed by features like the high resolution display and the s pen and all its related apps . i was concerned about the phone size being too large, but that turned out to be a non-issue . the phone fits naturally into my front pocket as i prefer, and i don't notice any awkwardness issues due to dimensions or weight when using it  . good price,thanks . i upgraded from a note 2 . very happy with this upgrade  .   love the big screen and the camera takes great pics . love my note 4 . works perfectly and very fast . screen is bright and clear . s-pen is very useful  . the battery life is as expected, last about a day, which is standard for most smart phones . the phone isn't perfect but it is fast and the screen is crystal clear . i've had to purchase an extended battery but the original will certainly last all day on pretty heavy use .i'm very happy with this phone but it's not without it's faults, very so rarely the phone will freeze and re-start . the hassle of sending it back under factory warranty is not worth my time as this too is pretty common with all smart phones i've used, yes, even iphones . overall, great phone  .   great phone with long battery life, stunning display, and amazing camera . this phone is very fast and looks amazing . the s pen allows for unique features could be better if the speaker was not on the back but if you use head phones for media you dont notice it  .   for the most part, i love it! the screen is gigantic and bright, i have unparalleled control with the s-pen, and the processor is crazy fast . no more game lag, i get great service, and it's an aesthetically gorgeous phone (the metal sides really make it feel premium despite my concerns about the 'leather' back which is nice as well) . it still beats the hell out of my old htc onex, and i'm not worried about dragging around a backup charger anymore, i just thought it would withstand some minimal use plus game play without my charge dropping tens of percentages within the hour . if i keep the screen dim most of the time the battery lasts eons longer, and power saving and ultra power saving mode conserve energy really well . on the flip side of the coin, i can talk on the phone for ages and the battery lasts, and when i do need to charge it, the adaptive fast charger does it in about an hour . the only downsides for the size of the phone is that it doesn't fit in my pockets (girl pants are the worst) and i need to upgrade all of my wristlets and crossbodies to accommodate it's size . as far as real problems go, the phone is huge and to have the speaker up to my ear puts the microphone far away from my mouth so people say i sound distant until i shift the phone mic towards my mouth and the speaker away from my ear (so i can't hear them as well) . curved face problems? still not enough from deterring me from recommending the phone . i'm also sad it's not water resistant like it's less beautiful and less gigantic sister, the s5 . that made it a tough contest, but i am so glad i went with the note 4 . the display is incredible, the camera is great, android is intuitive and lets you choose your own os overlay if you don't like samsung's default (i much prefer yahoo aviate) . i think the resolution looks better than any of the other phablets on the market, including the iphone 6+ . the extra camera features and s-health are nice touches but i haven't had need for wide selfie mode and i don't use the sensors except for the pedometer anyway . if one thing could be better with the camera it would be front-facing camera image stabilization, but i'm sure that's in the works . overall, it's an excellent phone . i strongly recommend it for the adventurous, large-pocketed/handbagged folks who want speed, dexterity, and beauty .   phone works wonderful i love it and am so happy i ordered it  .   love it, love it, love it  .  still learing all the features, but i love the fast charging and the length of time the battery lasts . also, love the s-pen . definately the best cell phone i've purchased yet  .   love it . loved the phone - until i tried to take pictures . there is a hardware issue several people have with the phone . just google "note 4 blurry picture" and you will find more info . my phone would not auto focus at all but if you would lightly shake the phone it would suddenly come into focus . i would encourage anyone who gets this phone to test the camera and if it takes blurry pictures do the shake test . if it suddenly comes into focus you likely have a phone with a hardware issue and should exchange or return it . if not for this issue i would rate the phone 5 stars because i loved everything else about it  .   great screen resolution, cameras, etc . but very poor button design . the buttons are on opposite sides of the case and it's nearly impossible to not unintentionally press the button on the other side of the case when operating with one hand . the power button belongs on the the top of the case to make it easier to operate with one hand . the case barely covers the edges which looks great but it is very easy to touch the screen when handling it . i purchased a cover here on amazon which helped a lot . it's big but fits nicely into my pocket . the pluses outweigh the minuses so if i had to, i would hold my nose and buy it again  .   this is a great phone . this phone has a little lag now after a weeks use and thats fine for now  . better than i ever imagined .   this phone is great! i love everything about it  .   love it . upgraded from the note 2 and was a perfect upgrade  .   so happy to have my new phone  .   a truly magnificent device . i ordered a lg g3 at the same time i ordered the note 4, it was a tough call seeing how the g3 is a couple hundred dollars cheaper, but ultimately chose this, even in spite of the cost difference . here's the simple explanation: the "note" ecosystem is polished to a fine luster for large handheld devices and tablets  .   and the display is pretty great as well . i've save my thoughts on the g3 for that review but it's a great phone as well and had i not used the note 4 i would have easily chosen it . the screen is amazing, the resolution is incredible, which you may not think you'll notice but it will eventually show itself and you'll smile when you realize it . the camera is solid, a nice quick shutter speed and it takes good pictures in most lighting situations and you can record up to 4k video - so you can finally put that 4k tv that you just bought to good use :) the sound that comes out of the speaker is ok, nothing amazing but it's enough for the speakerphone to be solid and to hear music, if a little muffled . the front facing camera is actually impressive - i tend to take a lot of forward facing video so i can see myself with my son and the video always looks great . the s pen functions at least as well as the note 2 did, but with more thought put into it's usefulness - you get a small context window that pops up when removing the sylus, far more useful than the old "switch to this s pen page and use stuff there", i like it but have yet to find a great use for it . the default samsung keyboard, which is of course replaceable, is one of the better stock keyboards, i haven't switched it out for my beloved swiftkey yet, and i don't think i will . if you're a storage buff then you'll be happy with the micro sd card slot, it adds so much functionality to a phone that it boggles my mind when a phone doesn't have it . i can't think of a reason not to recommend it, aside from cost of entry . update 05-26-2015: the bluetooth audio has an intermittent issue where it cuts out, but the sound keeps playing, reminiscent of how a cd player would skip from time to time . this happens across multiple bt devices from headphones, a car and a sound box - i'm sure samsung would fix it, but i had the same problem with the s5 i had before and the note 2 previously, i think this is my last samsung device and i'll be selling it once the lg g4 comes out . caveat: a friend has the same device on verizon and doesn't experience the issue, so it may not be a problem with the phone, but if you're curious then do a google search for it and you'll find that this is not the only samsung phone that has the problem  .   i paid full price on this ($699) because i didn't want to lose my unlimited data plan . the screen is large, but not too large and it's crazy fast all around . the only "cons" are some of the verizon junk apps that are pre-installed, but it's easy enough to just not use them . all around i really like this phone  .   i have had this phone for one day almost and all i can say is wow  .  it's perfect  .   best phone i have ever had . the features are awesome  .   loves the phone works great .   absolutely love this phone . i can even grade assignments with it and do work online  .   i have had my note 4 for a few days i fine that it gets really hot . anybody have that problem  . i upgraded to the note 4 from the note 2 and it was very much worth it . great jumps in speed, stability and function . the camera is amazing and the screen is super clear and bright . and still this phone is easy to pocket, put in a bag and carry in my hand . don't be afraid of the "big phone" . once you go with it you'll wonder how you ever lived without it  . the note 4 has the best processing power of any mobile phone i have ever seen . on top of that, you get the incredible s pen, and the even more incredible 5 .   great phone . love it so far . quite simply, the best phone on the market today . battery life is one of the best available . very few negatives to speak of . i know it has fast charge built in, which is amazing btw, but i am leary of the tech . i don't mind using it in short intervals, but for over night charging i prefer a slower charge that i feel will put less stress on the battery . in addition to that, it will save stress on the micro usb port . another negative is samsungs touchwiz software . i prefer the vanilla android found in the nexus line, but the phone outshines the n6 in just about every other category . the biggest negative with this phone is actually an at&t issue . you are able to disable most of it, which is nice, but it will still be on your phone, just not active . all told, i am confident that this is the best phone in the market today . it is not quite the perfect phone, none are, but it is a purchase you will not regret  .   i love, love, love this phone  .   dear samsung: the blue led light keeps blinking even when there are no notifications on the phone / notification bar . restarting the device doesn't solve the problems  .   i love my galaxy note  .   i've had this phone for about 5 days and i love it! it's fast and chargers with spend . i highly recommend it to anybody debating to get this or not . perfect for our needs and activation through the amazon info was a "breeze . i love this phone  .   best smart phone i have had in eight years  .  nice phone with large screen  .   i like this phone very good easy to use and easy on my eyes . absolutely the best phone i've ever used .   loving it! great battery life, stable and the camera is great  .   love it  .   excellent product and is light years above my last droid  .   i love my new phone, but i didn't receive the ear phone . we're they supposed to be included? anyone else with this problem  .   definitely thinner than the note 2, seems a little narrower . i love it though  .   great phone . bought the phone for full retsil price and came unlocked just like i wanted it to . works with verizon and other gsm networks  .   love this phone  .   i love my phone, still learning how to use it .   great phone! love the updates from the note 2 . its a large format phone, but doesn't feel too big in my pocket . screen resolution is great  .   going from an apple iphone 4 to this new android phone was a jump but with help from techy friends and lots of online searches i really like the note 4! the camera is amazing, being able to us the step counter option is nice to help track fitness goals, all the app options let you get more specific to what your wanting out of a phone-way note than the iphone . highly recommend this phone to those who are very computer literate and to those of us that aren't-you'll live this phone  . great buy  .   love it . very easy to use and the s pen is very handy . it took a little getting used to how big it is but i got over that quick  .  in excellent condition  .   one of the best phones i have used to date . there is no issue with it as of yet  .   lives up to the hype? the battery time is good, the dual app usage is good and the wi-fi calling helps . not worth the extra big bucks if you already have 2 or 3 . love it   .   i absolutely loved my note 4 the only problem is my s pen keeps going out . love it  .   outstanding device . works perfectly . packaged well and arrived right on time . one of the best phones i've ever owned  .   awesome love it . excellent  .   absolutely love this device . i highly recommend this . i absolutely love my note 4! it has meet all my expectations . my 14 year old nephew recommended it and i am so glad he did  .   love the phone! no complaints . generally he kills a phone a year, so i'm hoping it works well  .   good battery life . good picture . big screen .   very powerful device! battery should last all day (not for me as i am a power user) . the super amoled display looks amazing and has beautiful deep blacks, but the viewing angles aren't great . past 45 degrees there is notable distortion in color which is to be expected with this type of display . build quality is great, feels really good in the hand . very satisfied overall  .   omg i love my new note 4  . so the camera is fabulous! i'm just starting to learn how to use the s pen but i love taking a picture of a document and then marking it up with the pen . my co-workers rely on me to handle these types of things on the go and well  .  this makes me look good :) i honestly don't feel like it's over sized as many fear . i love all the options i have for fonts, backgrounds, color themes, voice mail videos, fit pedometer tracker, and so much more  . however, the fingerprint security doesn't work most of the time  . great phone . love it  .   bought this phone 18 days ago from amazon power button started to stick and become mushy and none responsive speaker also stopped working had a replacement sent to me which was also defective and packed very poorly waiting on the 3rd replacement to get here hopefully i get a working one this time . pretty sure i will never again buy a smartphone from here not worth the money you save imo after all this . she loves it .   i lot better thank the iphone . super snappy response, bright screen, and gobs of features in new android os .   very pleased with the product and service .   it's the best phone out . all you apple fans are left out  .   love it! easy to use! i have only had it just over a month or so, but so far so good  .   so far so good  .  love having a large screen-really like the hand writing note taking feature . after using the iphone 4s for the last three years, having the note 4 is like being a kid at christmas . and the best of it all is i paid $149 .   i love it . it is much easier to setup and use than i expected  . the only problem with it is that this is the at&t version that has the bootloader locked, thus blocking root . my version has been rooted and a much cleaner version of the software on it . i get much better battery life than my wife (3hrs screen on time vs my 4 . but the phone is a great device either way and well worth the money  . my evo4g finally died after 5 years .this phone is so smart that there are somethings you just don't need all the time .i purchased a 64gig card and a 10,000ma battery from zero lemon with a hard case .the case is heavy but 10,000ma come on what do you expect?this is a good combo if you can deal with the size . iphone killer  .   overall this is a fabulous phone . i purchased it about a month ago because i wanted the best phone on the market and the overwhelming amount of features that this phone came with made it the top contender . pros camera - oh lord the camera . this is probably hands down the most amazing thing about the phone . the image stabilization is amazing for anyone with shaky hands and the phone comes with more picture touch up features than the average user would ever need . for video there is the option to up the fps from 30 fps to 60 fps which makes watching fish swim a fun experience . ir blaster - this is probably my second favorite thing about this phone . the app that the ir blaster uses has a few annoying things about it but it makes set up a breeze so i can't complain too much . the app also has a feature where it will show you what is on tv and then automatically change the channel to that show, way better than surfing through direct tv's guide . overall i will probably never use another remote again because of how easy setup is screen size - so the pros of this are that it makes using your phone way easier . have you ever had that problem where you would just rather not use your phone because scrolling through a web browser with tiny text is annoying? yea well so did i until this phone . i am able to use this phone one handed with my right hand only because the back button is on that side . and yes i am able to text without any difficulty with one hand . the only problems that i have with reach is if i go from the home button to the top of the screen fast charging - amazing . with the right amount of settings turned off you can very easily hit the advertized 50% in 30 minutes that samsung claims, maybe a tad longer if you have a bunch of background stuff running . worst i got to was 20% in about 15 hours of use and i was using my phone a lot that day . but fast charging almost makes this point mute because it's that fast at charging . phone itself - so far i have had almost zero lag or freezing issues . the phone comes with a one handed mode which is very useful i just need to remember to use it more but it allows me to eat food and browse facebook at the same time so i'm happy . cons fingerprint sensor - great idea except for one small detail, you need to swipe . this make it nearly impossible to unlock your phone with one hand, like ever . if i were able to place my finger on the sensor like the iphone 6 plus then i would definitely use it but the phone is just big enough were you can use most of it with one hand and just big enough where swiping your thumb is very difficult . however using two hands changes everything and i'm able to unlock my phone on the first try 99% of the time heart rate sensor - so this is a minor thing, mainly because i don't know how heart rate sensors are supposed to work but this one is very sensitive to errors . i can usually get it to work but any slight disruption in just about anything and you need to restart . when i first got the phone it took me a solid 10 - 20 minutes to get one reading so keep trying new note owners . i value more of a computer like experience over a mobile one so the difficulties with one handed use are overshadowed by being more productive and having better hardware ( yes that is one of the perks of larger phones ) . it is very easy to cut the volume of the phone down to about half if it's laying down screen up . overall it's a great phone and the cons i mentioned aren't that annoying to me that would warrant a four star but they might be more important to some people than others . if i didn't mention something it's probably because it's not that big of an issue . yes the s - pen is cool but i wouldn't say buy or don't buy because of it  .   the kick stand fell off, and when i put it on speaker phone people always tell me that is hard for them to hear me, i think it is defective how do i arrange to get a replacement  . great phone . great phone . note 4 is much improved from note 3  .   my boyfriend loves his  .   love it  .   love it  .   got it fast and seems to be as described . this is my first smart phone so it is a bit of a learning curve but the phone is awesome  .   where do i begone this phone is amazing i am so happy to have it  .   you can read the review and judge for your self but amazon as always deli've red there product on time no hassle no issues will buy again possible note 6   . better and easier than i a non phone guy expected  . what is hated about these phones having a "plastic" feel, will not be found on this phone . the stylus is much more refined and the screen is the best i've seen . the options are endless and the camera is by far my favorite feature  .   very slow! picture take for ever to snap not worth the money  . :) wife was concerned over lack of physical keyboard, but is very happy with this phone . she didn't think she needed to upgrade, but says the note 4 makes her realize how many problems her old phone really had  .   great phone . great camera upgrade from previous notes . nit much different than note 2 in size, but maybe better image . fast processing . don't like the s health tools much . fingerprint scanner ok option, but not useful if frequently unlocking phone with fingerprint . overall great phone .   love this item, still learning all its secrets . i was overdue for an upgrade on my galaxy s iii . there just wasn't another phone out there that i could get excited about until i came across this one . the specifications on it are better the specs on the iphone 6 plus . it has the best display for any phone on the market right now at 2560 x 1440 (quad hd) resolution, 3gb ram and amazing battery life with 3220mah battery . there are too many features i love about this phone to mention here . i highly recommend it .   i buy my phones full price to keep my unlimited data . trust me, i read just about every site, review, forum,debate, discussion and comparison of the note 4 tot he nexus 6 .   i picked the note 4 and i am pleased and have no second thoughts . for those in the quandary, i understand there are people who hate the touchwiz interface . however, samsung does have several benefits over the stock android . yes, if you want to root, go to the pure android google experience, and want to spend your life on forums to download the latest google software, go for the nexus . however, for those of us who put in 14 hour work days, and use the phone as a tool, not a hobby, the note 4 is the best . this is an app that only works with the samsung . great for using your computer to do e-mails, messages, or to just make using a cell phone app on windows . also, samsung support is great . and, if you but the phone now, you get netflix free for one year and 50% off all samsung accessories on registration . great for buying a wireless charge or battery . so, great apps, great service, nice discounts  .   yes, better then nexus 6 . my wife loves it   .   nice upgrade from the note 2 and better picture quality . beautiful phone, works great, got to me overnight as promised  .   great phone  .   best phone ever  . so far i love this phone . it is far more capable than i even use it for . having moved up from a droid bionic, to the s4 and then to the note 4, this is the perfect screen size for my hands . i really wanted the edge, but verizon screwed the pooch on releasing that model . the note 4 is a better value for the price anyway . i still don't understand how people use apple products with their dated hardware, horrible os and marriage to the worst system ever, itunes . not to mention lack of memory expansion . this is my 2nd samsung phone and i've been extremely happy and don't see me swapping to anything else anytime soon  .   the wifes favorite cell phone ever  .   quick shipping and great device  .   great phone . best free apps ever . love the size of the font and the size of the screen  . the phone is worth every cent i paid for it . what surprised me was that this phone was 50% cheaper here on amazon than it was on the verizon store . i do advise getting the tempered glass screen protector and a case to protect this awesome phone  .   my daughter got this phone for x-mas and she loves the phone . the quality of the pictures is great and it has a lot of features . the only thing i can say bad is the price was a little higher than i like to spend but that's the one she wanted to get . everything is ,except i had trouble with the internet, but geek squad fixed it  .   great product . note 2 to note 4 - and all is still good and stable . still have problems with apps on sd cards though - constantly warning of sd card been removed - when it has not . overall a better experience and a sturdier feel  . so far it's great and the buttons are in the right place . nice screen and i believe it utilizes 4g better  . good but sometimes bad reception . great phone, beautiful screen, it's worth the money . loving it  .   better than iphone 6 and 6+ and the pen s is great cuz i have typing with my thumbs . it is a great phone . this phone is worth the money . it's big with a great screen, slim design, and amazing camera . the battery last all day on automatic brightness and when the battery does run low, the samsung adaptive charger charges the phone really fast . for a big phone with bright screen the battery holds up well . the stylus pen has really good features and fits flush in the phone, not sticking out . overall it's such a great phone i bought my girl this white one  .   i love this phone . it's pritty easy to get use to but i'm sure i haven't even come close to learning what it is able to do  .   a lot of cool features  .   but one thing a appreciate the most is the improved battery life and fast charging capability . one full charge can last a whole day with significant usage  . definitely better than iphone in my opinion  .   love my new phone . no problem when i called verizon and asked to have an upgrade date transferred to this phone . i bought the phone on amazon and entered the phone number that had the available upgrade .   great phone! i love it  .   takes awesome pictures  .   still figuring out everything it can do,b but so far i love it  .   great phone  .   i've been using this phone for a few days now and my first impressions coming from a galaxy s4 are wow! the pure speed and responsiveness of this device is mind blowing! the screen and camera are amazing and haven't experienced any lag or jitters yet  .   the main reason i purchased this phone was for the gear vr, the oculus vr for the note 4 has blown my mind and can't wait to get my hands on one of my own next week! but even without the gear vr this thing would easily top any phone from 2014, and probably any other phone until the s6 comes out around may! go buy yourself the note and see for yourself  .   excels the competition  .   purchased for my wife and she loves it  . i have to say i love this samsung  .   love it  .   love it . i bought it for my husband who absolutely loves it! he had a note 2 and was due for an upgrade . the new features like the heart rate monitor, pedometer, fingerprint id & better camera features are great additions  .   fast delivery  .   i'm enjoying my galaxy love all the futures on it  .   i was hesitant about this phone because of its size,,,,,,but i love everything else about it and am no longer bothered by its size now that i found a wonderful case for it . the camera is absolutely awesome, and is already helping me save a lot of time i was spending editing photos for my business .   that is incredible  . the phone certainly has lots of bells and whistles, and it will take me a while ti learn how to use it, but i am extremely pleased with everything i have learned so far about this phone . i have been an iphone person for many years, but this one outperforms anything i have ever owned  . battery life is great for a phone this size .   this is a great piece of technology at a great price ty amazon . excellent phone/phalet .  the note line just keep getting better and better  .   i've had this phone for almost a month and i love it  . i upgraded from the note 2, so very little learning curve . love this phone, best phone ever  .   great smartphone for me - beautiful screen, ingenious stylus, quick os, awesome features! so much to learn, many uses i'm discovering as time goes on .   great phone . excellent phone .   love this phone and all its features  .   i love it best phone . best phone ever made in my opinion  .   it the best phone to use with the pin (fat and old fingers ) and it is fast . the battery life is great only have to charge once a day so no need for a second battery  . the galaxy note 4 is the most powerful handheld device i've ever had my hands on . applications open without any hesitation, there is absolutely no lag on either touchwiz or anything else on the phone . the screen on the note 4 is the best i've ever seen on any phone . being a best buy mobile employee, i get to play and compare every single phone . i've compared the screen of the note 4 to the new moto droid turbo and lg g3 which also have 2k or qhd (quad hd) screens and the super amoled screen on the note 4 is still sharper, better saturated, and just wows you each time you look at it! battery life is what is expected of a phablet . that's all in a days work i put this phone through . the all new spen technology along with the wacom digitizer now has over 2000 levels of pressure sensitivity making writing, drawing, and taking notes feel more natural like writing with an actual pen on paper . build quality has greatly improved over the previous galaxy phones, the new metal trim on the sides makes the device feel more premium, although almost everyone will put a case on it anyways, it's still nice to see it and feel it whenever you take the case off . also the back still has that faux leather feel, i don't know why so many bloggers always hate on this look and feel? i actually prefer this over the metal or aluminum back on the iphone or htc one phones . also it's cold in the winter, and hot to touch in the summer . i prefer the leather back look and feel as it also helps with grip, especially for one handed usage and being a larger phone . the iphone 6 or 6 plus is not even worth comparing to the galaxy note 4, the note 4 is superior in every single category and aspect, it's not even close  .   bought this for my husband for christmas and he is in love! it's an amazing device .   best phone ever! i've owned all of the galaxy s series and was prepared to continue along that path and pick up the s5 when it came out . i love it! samsung has really put all of the bells and whistles into this one this time . would recommend to anyone  .   the best samsung phone ever made  .   amazing! best phone in the entire universe . you won't regret getting it  .   this is samsung's "flagship" phone and is pretty expensive for a reason - because it's awesome and works great! got it for the wife for xmas . she has an online business, and the larger screen and stylus makes it much easier to run things while she's on the go or even just running around the house . we've had several samsung's (galaxy siii, s5, note 3) and they've all been pretty solid devices . i bought this direct from amazon, and then a few days later samsung price dropped it in half! when i called to return it so i could buy the other one from samsung instead, amazon price matched it and just refunded me the difference, which was really great since it was already wrapped under the tree at that point and the exchange process probably would have ruined the surprise . they were great and very easy to work with  .   the perfect do everything phone  . i doubt anyone would use everything, but then everyone would fine something useful . the s-pen is incomparable  .   the best phone in the market . love this phone  .  looks great  .   love it  .   i upgrade from the note 1 to the note 4 and i love it . the phone is fast and the build on the phone is great  . awesome  .   i love this phone!   .  not on sprint! the note 4 is an amazing phone, and sprint does an excellent job crippling this masterpiece of technology . i promptly returned my phone to amazon, after learning of this detrimental aspect . verizon is my new carrier, and this is not an issue at all  .   my wife is loving it so far . it is fast, beautiful and she loves the big screen and ability to write memos, etc . a lot like my s5, but with the stylus, write ready, a little faster, more on board ram and a bigger screen . best price i could find around the holidays was at amazon  .   this is the best phone i've ever owned i love all the features you should get it  . i love it . the best phone i've ever had  .   no problem  .   miss my old trusty note 2 but the note 4 has more going for it . i came to love the note 2 phone . had it for two years and was never disappointed in any of its various up and downsides . i'd still have it but came to realize that the technology curve moves on, products either get better or replaced so on that soberting note (no pun), i upgraded to the note 4 . the love of the note 2 is why i chose to go with the note 4 . so far, that trust seems worth it  .   i'll never learn all the capabilities of this phablet, but i like it more and more  . very happy with this phone . best phone i ever had  .   best price around . i was a little afraid it would came here used or broken for being half the price of normal places . but it came in perfect and i love it  .   phone works beautifully, my only regret is that i didn't get a case with it right away  .   great, powerful phone for business and personal use . being able to swap out my 100gb sd card in the middle of recording our christmas celebration was a life saver when i ran out ofor space . this is the best phone i have used yet  . the best phone  . expensive, but definitely worth it . the nicest phone i have ever owned; upgraded from lg g3, which is a nice phone, but didn't work for me; for some reason i just didn't like and couldn't read the high resolution screen in a 5 . i just couldn't read the screen very well (45 y . the note 4 is easy to read and the best phone yet for my eyes . the fingerprint scanner has some issues with the thumb; i couldn't get it to unlock consistently at all . i have read that the index finger works better . the camera is very nice and i feel works better than anything else thus far . i think most people are going to say these things, as the new phones are so much better that the previous generation (for the most part) . it was the best pda i'de ever owned up to that point, but didn't function as a phone . the note 2 was also very awesome, but this phone is so much cleaner and so much nicer to read . i have read that it is un-rootable as of yet, so this concerned me, as i am a heavy 'rooting' fan, with the desire to install customized roms and boot loaders . i was able to get everything running like i wanted, except for ad blocker, which of course needs root . other than not having root, ad blocker, mobile hotspot, and some other minor things, this is an incredible phone .   awesome phone  . i had the note 3 and wanted the note 4 the improvements made by samsung are amazing . vibrant colors and longer battery life . i love it  .   the galaxy note 4 is a great phone and if you need a large screen i highly recommend it . for some reason i had a problem connecting to the wi-fi system in most popular business establishments that offered free wi-fi . after having zero success trying to troubleshoot the problem with att technical support department it was determined that the phone was defective  . love the note feature specially when i do not have look for paper and pen when i need to take a note during the call . very nice phone, even nicer when i learn all that it can do  .   awesome phone  .   i love this phone  . the only negative thing i can say is that the camera has a slight delay when you hit the button  .   absolutely love it .   very happy with it! best phone i've ever had and better than anything else out there .   overall experience has been good since i purchased it in late november . i was a little anxious about touchwiz with all the negative comments in press reviews but i don't find anything wrong with it (coming from htc evo 4g) . battery life has been fantastic compared to my old phone . the email app seems to work well with s/mime email which my old phone didn't . i've toyed with the spen some and think it will be useful with a little practice . i still use a daytimer at work and wonder if this can replace it . love the ability to cut and paste images and take screen shots . the phone size is good for me . people tell me it sounds better than my old phone . i find the white one quite classy in appearance and the build quality seems good . unlike some press reviews, i wouldn't call it cheesy at all, plastic back or not . and its a lot nicer than a certain new fruit product which i find slippery as ice . amazon had the best deal right after thanksgiving (199) when it was still 299 (and sold out) in all the stores around here .   moved to the dark side from an iphone4 and couldn't be happier . i have xxl hands so the size is less of an issue for me than some . the iphone had an otter box case that was too bulky for my tastes but i wanted to add some meat to the note 4 for comfort . put a caseology slim on it and it's perfect for my hand now . unbelievable camera on the note 4, which was a deciding factor for me . i am not disappointed and i've only scratched the surface on all this one does . i'm no technogeek but if you're just a user who's considering leaving apple, don't be afraid  .   best phone i have ever had . great screen . great battery life . glad i decided to buy the note 4 over the iphone 6  .   i have used it for a month and really like it . andriod is much better than ios  . excellent shipping with prime, excellent price, easy set-up with at&t contract  .   had a galaxy s4 and was debating on whether or not to get this and by golly am i glad i did! this phone is awesome! luckily, i have big hands so i am able to use it one handed but if you have smaller hands you'll have to use the screen shrinking feature or use two hands . also, i thought i would never really use the pen but it works flawlessly and comes in handy at times  .   apps download so quickly! also love the super fast charger .   amazing just amazing that's all i really i have to say honestly . awesome awesome phone! kills the s5 on functionality looks and the screen is a loss for words because it's so sharp and so large  .   love my phone/tablet combo . was a little weary at first about the size but it was a great investment . the best android device i've ever used . a worthy business device that can finally make it through the work day . nice updates to touchwiz to support multi-tasking, no compromise responsiveness, excellent pen for quick notes, and a truly gorgeous screen with amazing black levels  .   absolutely awesome phone . drag and drop music, movies, pics, etc  . memory is upgradable which blows apple away .   love this phone . nothing not to like highly recommend this phone and would recommend it over iphone 6  . it makes all the functions of the note 4 work how they were designed to .   amazing phone as always . i buy every note because it is always the best  .   best android phone ever . looking forward to lollipop update to make it even better  .   great phone . really a great phone . i will start off by saying this is a large phone and i am a big guy . i have no issues using this phone one handed, but can absolutely see how someone with smaller hands might get sick of it . the reason i didn't? samsung had this awful style approach that was to spend all of their money on the internals, which are very high end, but then slap a bunch of cheap looking plastic and a little bit of metal . i fully acknowledge that samsung internals, everything from operating skin to the fact that they have an sd card slot and a removable back and battery, are the best out there . we hated them both, for very different reasons, but they felt well made and more expensive in your hand than any samsung device previously . with a metal frame and a textured fake leather back, this device feels expensive and "fancy" in your hand . the did a good job of keeping this style through the buttons as well . the stylus is a nice add on to your normal phone abilities . what amazes me about the commercials is that they show very specific tasks, like cutting images and such, which i admit is a nice tool, but the best benefit of the stylus is that it is very sensitive and keeps the screen, which is an incredible quad hd screen, clear of finger pints . now the sensitivity thing is important because even the fastest phones sometimes have issue getting exactly what your clicking on or swiping to do . with stylus you can fly through pictures, scroll websites (without touching the screen, just hovering), and swipe texting is crazy fast and accurate with it . if you're ok with the size of it, you'll love everything else about it . i also check out the note edge, with the funky slanted screen . not only does the edge on that fancy screen feel rather sharp in your hand, it didn't respond very well when i used it . i read a lot of reviews saying the same thing, and i didn't feel it brought enough to the table to warrant the $100+ additional cost . it is also a thicker phone, so if you want a thin, sleek phone, go with the note 4  .   this by far is the best samsung phone  .   i love it . phone battery lasts for ever when not in major use, phone charges lightning fast, and the phone is a work horse . the os could use some improvements, but the flash support should be getting big  .   it was a freat delivery on time great phone i give it a 5 star . such a great phone not much to complain it i saw both note4 and iphone6 plus in person  .   but screen quality was hands down much better on note 4 much more crisp and easy on the eyes . overall, very pleased with this phone  .   love it . overall is a very solid cellphone  .   absolutely love phone . best phone by far   .   this is by far the best phone i've ever owned my entire life . the camera takes cri clear pictures .the highly customizable interface is the best on the market, i'm still finding out everyday more things to make this phone unique to my personality . video quality is also great, the wide selfie has finally but an end to cheek to cheek picture taking, you can even put a compilation of your favorite pictures and save it as an interactive lock screen or have your entire gallery float by when the device is charging . phone quality is good, i haven't had any issues with it .the pop up feature is great you can adjust the size of the screen or completely minimize it and a floaty icon will appear, very similar to the chat heads on facebook messenger . very convenient when multitasking . the upgraded s pen is simply amazing . it is impossible to cover every aspect of it, but to keep things short . overall, 5 stars i have yet to find anything to complain about with this device  .   awesome phone, as i expected . also amazon was cheaper then sprint, go figure  .   great phone . i own the phone (no freaking contract) and verizon started treating me well by giving me additional data to keep me as a customer . so far the phone is performing well and the enhanced s-pen function is great . what got me a bit unhappy that samsung is hinting on an upgraded note 4 with snapdragon 810 processor . oh well it is what it is  .   love it, best phone i had, ever . love the phone, good screen size  .  battery life is lackluster and it did not blow me away with new technology, i previously had an s3 that met my needs  .   i don't know what to make of the wealth of positive reviews, both those of the buyers and the paid reviewers on the net and in the press . this is an unpleasant counter-productive thingy in many ways, especially for $800 . the phone is a technical marvel in every way, electronically and mechanically . so it can be fun to play with . and you'll being doing a lot of that, because unless you're a prior galaxy owner or a professional reviewer or tester, you'll be playing at trying to figure out how to do even the simplest things - good luck on the first try to answer a call, hopefully its a meaningless one .) i'm used to a large variety of computer interfaces - several decades of programming and design, and i try to hold onto the child's attitude which makes it relatively easy for them to figure out how to operate such things and enjoy it . outside the technical realm the galaxy note 4 is mainly a sales gizmo which tries to trick and wear you down, your trying to avoid samsung and att (and   .  ) attempts to set it up so you'll be continually buying or refusing to buy (either way it takes a lot of time and irritation .) why would you pay someone to scam you constantly . the most sophisticated and studied process on the phone is how to defeat any attempt on your part to uninstall or disable their built-in (deeply built-in) apps that try to sell you stuff . its very easy to uninstall, or hide or disable (even unintentionally) the third party apps, good or bad . it can be very difficult (for a user) to get rid of anything that they have buried in the system to constantly feed you a new or reborn attempt to sell you (often along with a forever subscription piled on top) limp apps that are often just plain sad compared to the good third party apps . one of the relatively expensive apps for the phone is one that suggests it can help with this . it is easily defeated by samsung and at&t's counter methods . after awhile, when at&t fills the screen you were trying to work on with an announcement that they're about to "update the software", you start to understand what they're really about to do . and when samsung announces that something is free or deluxe, pretend you're not a fool . its impossible to stop people from buying jewelry, the more expensive it is the better . this is pretty jewelry, but it also purports to be something that you could use to navigate an airplane -- hopefully that's rare  .   love this phone . a lot of great feature i like which i do not find in my old iphone 5 and iphone 6 .   i absolutely love this phone  .   disappointed that the product doesn't come in original samsung note 4 box  .   very nice and good phone finger scan is no good iphone 6 works better camara is better in galaxy note 4 . things that were important to me, when choosing the new android smartphone, were camera quality, battery that lasts and is easy to replace, ability to use the phone overseas, and plenty of storage or ability to add extra . all these things, carrier availability, and the desire to have the top of the line processor, pretty much narrowed my choice down to note 4, even though i did not particularly care for the size, and the stylus . the biggest negative of this phone is all the third-party junk it comes preloaded with, fortunately for the most part it can be hidden away so it does not bother you . the other negative is the large glass cover over the protruding camera lens . i am worried about breaking or scratching the glass, though a thick enough case should help protecting it . overall, i recommend note 4 . it is a very good phone  .   best phone i have ever owned . forget the amazing screen quality, the vibrant colors, the handy stylus and the great processing power  .  the thing that immediately stood out is the great battery life . i cant tell you how handy having a battery that last a long time is especially when you use the phone as much as i do . the only gripe and its not even a huge one is that i think it has just a tad to much bloatware that you cant remove . you can hide it though which is nice  .   excellent device, a very well executed update from last year . why just have a large device? and not have the features to take advantage of the large screen  .   best phone ever! i love the size and the performance is great! super fast  . it's faster and more responsive than previous phones and has less bloat, less flashy nonsense features no one will ever use, and an improved finger print scanner (which has a steeper learning curve than apple's, but is overall pretty reliable) . as is standard for android phones, there's a ton of customization and if touchwiz offends you, you can easily switch to the google now launcher (or any other launcher, though i prefer the google now one for instant "ok google" voice activation) . it is a huge leap forward from the my old note 2 and though 32 gb is not quite as much storage as i prefer, a 64 gb microsd card solved that for me nicely (a lot of apps have an option to store excess files on the sd card, like the camera, google play music, good podcasting apps, etc) and you can still move some apps partially to the sd card after they've been installed via the applications menu (though this doesn't seem to agree with the google now launcher which will kick the app's shortcut off of the home screen if it's on the sd card) . the list of improvements is surprisingly long, so i'll just wrap it up by saying that samsung has managed to impress me by addressing many of my qualms about my older note 2 and adding a lot of competitive features (with minimal bloat) . normally, most people would qualify this is as bloatware, but a lot of the native samsung apps on the phone can only be updated via this app, so i installed it (and it immediately updated like ten apps) . also, as a bonus, samsung provides a few free premium apps and services to note 4 users (like one free kindle book per month if you install "kindle for galaxy", which is different from the standard kindle app that comes with the phone) that can only be installed via the galaxy apps store .   i cannot say enough great things about this phone! i have been an android user for years now, this by far is the best phone i've ever owned  .   the phone is great but poor connection with sprint network . i have no connection problem with lg phone  .   looks and feels better than expected . phone sounds great  . had to purchase a charging kit with an extra battery from best buy, just for the extra battery . so i wish there is a way amazon can refund me the $60 for the charging kit, because at&t said i would have to send the phone back and she would be without a phone for 2-3 weeks  . * some people say it is too big? well ymmv but the screen is so so gorgeous and there is so muck available that i will totally forgive the size . easier on the hands maybe  .  well perhaps a little, but huge sacrifice re screen real estate and the capabilities of the units . * if you have any videos that you like to watch, omg  . * build quality is nice  . i think smart phones will gravitate to the 5 to 6 inch range . i love the fact that you can access the battery and that up to 128 gb micro sd cards can be used . iphone fans can not to that . music out to a bluetooth speaker sounds great ( anker mp 141  . as of december 2014 some of the popular choices include samsung s8, iphone 6/6+, htc one m8, and the samsung edge . better design, much lighter, better screen and amazing camera . i'm from honduras, central america and i inserted the sim card from an international carrier the moment i unboxed the phone and it worked perfectly fine  .   love love my phone! came in great condition and i was able to to activate it with no problem .   amazing phone, my wife loves this handheld pc . she had no problem setting up the phone and found it very easy to use . now like the new iphone 6 plus, this is a very large phone . it is so powerful that it is more pocket pc then phone and you shouldn't need a tablet once you own a phone like this . the battery life so far has been outstanding and the screen is so beautiful and easy to use  . screen is perfect for watching netflix  .   love this phone ! i switched from iphone and have no regrets, i was able to transfer all my info and even my itunes very easily, it did take a bit of time to learn how everything works , watching youtube was very helpful  .   best phone you would ever want to buy very good response awesome display the best resolution and one of the best cameras on any phone not just a phablet but one of the phablet on the market to me  .   item arrived one day sooner then scheduled! great item awesome! blows away any iphone and is a big upgrade from the note 3  .   it's like watch an hd tv with cool apps . i would like to thank amazon for such fast service in replacing the first phone . i love this phone and am glad i bought it at amazon . just can do so many great things  .   i converted from my iphone to the note 4 and i dont regret it . the note 4 is gorgeous, works great, and has some of the best specs on the market  .   absolutely great device . zero lag, incredible responsiveness, and monumentally impressive screen clarity . if your a power user with an eye for detail and love to take photos from your phone, go all day streaming media, and have a need for tablet functionality this phone is for you  .   great phone  . this phone, or phablet, it the best mobile device out there hands down . the display is incredible, but i've seen on any device, 1080p and 4k video look amazing on such a large 5 . bought it without a contract and worth every single penny . uhd (ultra high definition) video recording is an amazing thing, but for some reason it is limited to only 5 minutes of recording time . when i take it off of uhd video recording, to regular recording, it goes up to unlimited as long as i have available space .   fantastic phone  . best one yet  .   the best phone hands down .   awesome phone! the only hard part is getting used to the size, but that was in part the reason that i bought it . samsung makes a great product . the wife has the s5 and i also have a note 10" tablet, and they all work incredibly well  . now i have to work with the note 4, . great phone . would be even better if verizon would stop trying to over load it with unwaneed apps and messing with the physical design for the express pupose of requiring users to buy stuff from them  .  great product  . although i'm not a big fan of touchwiz or the considerable repository of unremovable at&t bloatware preloaded on this device, the phone itself is the best i've ever used with the possible exception of the oneplus one i bought for my wife . the screen is gorgeous, and the fit and finish are a marked improvement over previous generations of the note line -- and truly warrant the "flagship" device distinction  .   only bad part is at&t will not unlock the phone until you have reached 6 months on go phone service . anyone wants to help me solve that problem feel free to give me some tips  .   best big phone on the market today . samsung has its design flaws and software problems yes, but overall the best phablet out there hands down . pros screen battery life stylus camera metal trim cons software- touchwiz is just plain wrong, but is slightly better fingerprint scanner useless can't use with one hand (and i have big hands) photos come out over saturated and over sharpened . the best phone / tablet ever . loved my iphone  .   love, love samsung galaxy note 4 even more! so many features and so much to learn  .   so worth it  .   the best  .   i love the phone but at&t not so much  . at&t service in my house is so horrible that i can't enjoy my phone . i definitely recommend this phone if you are someone who like big phone, by the way its not as big as i thought . you have a nice big screen without the unnecessary space around it like iphone 6 plus who has a bigger phone with a small screen size i have gotten my first 3 phones including the note 4 from samsung because i simply thought they were the best company but i guess i was wrong . it never been a big issue until recently so i called samsung customer service to see if there was a settings i can do to turn it off so gps won't automatically turn on when my battery is dying, they had me on hold for 2 and half hours and they hang up the phone .   awesome  .   love this phone . the delicate exposed metal band is the only thing keeping it from being a 5 star device . it scratches and is easily damaged  .   first time owning a phone that is that big   .   its a great device   .   top notch  .   love the features, phone is hard to hold onto and select input with one hand . media is unbeatable, awesome sound for a phone! if you dont use blue tooth while driving you will need too  .   best phone i've ever owned .   really nice phone and superb display quality  .   great phone   .   no problems so far . great battery life compared to my old phone . amazing screen  .   the size of this phone is perfect for those of us who need to be able to read the screen . the sharp vibrant screen is easy to read . the phone takes very good pictures and does not feel heavy at all . i haven't used the stylus, but one wife loves it to write chinese characters . the phone is full of features that i enjoy using . the ability to take pictures by using a word such as "smile" or "cheese" and if i forget the stylus on my desk and walk away it sends me an audible reminder not to forget it . samsung outdid themselves with this phone, i am a happy user  .   love this phone! screen is amazing  .   love this phone! screen is amazing! when you pull up the camera it looks as good as the real thing . best phone of the year  .   perfect phone . super fast and runs smooth . i received my note 4 couple weeks ago, and i loving it, but i have not received the headphones .   expensive phone with no headphones? did amazon forgot to included  .   battery life is top notch, fast charging, and a very powerful device . only complaint i really have is quickoffice doesn't work on this . if you're looking for a top notch device with a large screen, look nowhere else  .   note 4 hands down the best smart phone ever . easy simple and you feel like being a happy free customer who can make his own cognitive choice . now these companies (verizon, at&t) want to treat you like a child who can't make up his mind . i called verizon specialists many times and each one has its own version of the story: one guy told me you don't have to worry your phone will work with any sim, one lady was trying to figure out what unlock means - she thought my screen was locked - then she put me on indefinite hold   . so avoid buying any phone except if it's international or t-mobile then you have your freedom to use it anywhere . but i am sad i had to return the phone to amazon   .   i want a note 4 so bad :) . it's perfect! kudos to samsung because the hardware and software are far exceeded my expectations . i just simply love this device  . love my new phone  .   great for my massage business . i have always been a fan of samsung, and this phone has only strengthened mytrust in their ability to make fine electronic devices . this is however just my second full day of ownership, so i will update this as neededbut so far this phone is fast, reliable, and extremely fun to use  .   like everything .   best phone i ever had . the download boost feature is killer  .   i'll put in this disclaimer: i don't like apple . i do enjoy samsung but i'm not a fanboy by any stretch of the imagination . all of my applications are google-based purchases and double purchases would be silly so i've stuck with google-based products through the ages . the design is pleasing, technical with elegance and gorgeous with a strong sense of simplicity and utility . the metal accents definitely add a nice touch . feed rigid, like i'm not going to break it . the screen has been exposed to some harsh environments from me and come back without a scratch (i'll be getting a screen protector anyways . this was mostly due to shorter load times and faster internet utilization . even if there was a dead pixel on it, there's so many on here and the pixels are so small that i would never be able to see it . for reference as to how clear it is, there was an entire article in a google play tile (roughly 1 inch by 1 inch in physical size) and you could still see every letter clearly . the screen being an amoled has an interest effect in bright light . it blows the contrast way up so you can still see it and readjusts automatically when you enter a darker area . definitely an interesting (and probably standard) touch but my note 2 always had issues in sunlight .   well let's just say the energizer bunny probably has one in his pocket and runs out before it does .1a chargers everywhere that charge things up nice and quick, but the one that comes with the phone is unique . i've only had the ability to use the fast charger once (since i never run out of enough power to give it a good test) but it does charge at a rate of roughly 1 3/4%-2% per minute . i haven't had a single dropped call on verizon and even in places where it says 1 bar, i still get excellent 4g speeds . this is critical for my type of business when doing research or scouting . it's at least 5x as fast connecting and download as my old note 2 on sprint . the biggest issue on most networks is initiating the tunnel to download information for a particular website or app . woo doggy this thing is good . it won't replace a true dslr but it makes small point and shoot cameras almost a thing of the past . the many features available with the standard camera app are great . i've used the panoramic view before it and it did an incredible job cropping the picture perfectly, even with non-smooth movements . people hear me just fine (except for one situation i will explain later .) never an issue with voice . much better than on ol' sprint . sorry sprint, i love ya  . so now for a few of the things i don't like but i didn't feel were enough of an issue to take away a star . the good thing about android though, is that you don't have to use it and it doesn't really detract much . while the speaker in the back of the phone is perfect, crisp and clear, apparently people have an issue with hearing me on speaker phone sometimes . i believe this to be a software issue that i might have to look into, but i haven't found it yet . i just figured it worth mentioning for those who use it in factory-fresh mode . it's a worthy phone . i don't know what the note 3 was like to compare but for a person who needs a utility phone for work and personal, this is an excellent device . i base my reviews on how the device works for my use, not comparing them to previous generations of products or other competing products . for my use, which i can dare say surpass the industry standard for requirements, the phone keeps up and then some . if you're on the fence, this phone will blow you away  .   i love this phone! i don't have a bad thing to say about it other than some minor touch wiz deficiencies . a little lag with the software with a couple things .but it's nitpicking in my opinion . this is a great phone . i have bigger hands, so the size isn't an issue for me, but something to think about if you have smaller hands i guess . i had an s4 a year or so ago, and i like the changes that have been made to the software and hardware since then . this phone feels great in the hand, not slippery .and the software continues to improve  . i was very satisfied with my gs5, but i knew i would benefit from the larger screen and s pen that the note 4 has to offer . right when i took this phone out of the box, the feel of the phone in my hand felt much more solid than the gs5 . i love the matte trim and the leather back cover . after using this phone for a few days now, i absolutely love it . the display is much more vibrant and the screen is very responsive . the s pen comes in handy when taking notes and trying to click on the small tabs while browsing the web . i realized that the camera was much better than the gs5 . it is now much easier to focus on close objects . this is definitely one of the best android devices you can buy right now  .   good to go . i admit, i was brand loyal and kept a awful phone for no other reason than i was scared to leave . it was an unhealthy relationship . i upgraded from a motorola droid razr maxx hd . my first clue should have been the fact that there were too many variations of a razr for anything to be supported or even accessories to be available . from the get go, that phone was never close to the hype that verizon led everyone to believe . it was always dead at the same time, 8:00 pm, with no day charge- this is from day one . i persisted and enjoyed the few things about it i liked for two years . i finally cracked the screen because i quit caring about it all together  . before i made my decision, i received a galaxy tab 3 for christmas last year and i fell in love, which made my switch easier . the note 4 excels in almost every category . i was worried that 15 years of brand loyalty to motorola would make feel like i was missing something, after completely jumping ship to samsung, but i don't miss motorola one bit . brilliant, crisp, clear detail . bright accurate color . touch wiz doesn't bother me at all . the size is nothing, even with small hands it works perfectly fine . oh and despite the huge screen, resolution, active apps, location services running and pretty heavy use- i'm at 77% charge, 9 hours after pulling it off the charger . i'm extremely pleased and hope this survives the next two years so i can get a note 6 . not to mention, because it is truly a flagship phone (not to be confused with moto's "flagship of the month" philosophy) i can actually buy cases for it . cheap ones, expensive ones, pretty colors, whatever . i believe there was one case available for the drmhd when i bought it and it was a hard shell for $30 at vzw . when otterbox releases their defender for note 4, i'll buy that, too . my isheep friends were ready to trade in their 5s for the new 6s and now they are actively considering note 4 or s5s, after seeing how much better n4 is to the i6  .   i love the phone but mine seems to run too hot  . after being on it for like 20 mins, the screen and back side are uncomfortably hot . also the battery seems to die faster than my note 2 (when on full brightness) . did i get a bad seed  .   i upgraded from the now ancient samsung galaxy s2 skyrocket to this baby . it is totally awesome  .   beautiful screen tons of features only samsung galaxy note 4 can give . someone at verizon commited fraud and changed the plan to 500 mb at a cost of an extra $5 a month . verizon online has no way to correct this .com but when i answered the email the mail got rejected by the amazon mail system . i already reported the fraud to verizon . this is my first bad experience with amazon, but i have had many problems with verizon billing . updated oct 30, 2013: verizonwireless finally contacted me and corrected the problem with the 250 mb plan . i updated my rating from 2 to 3 stars because i am very disappointed in the speaker sound quality . i am retired, 74 years old and spend most of my time sitting in an easy chair . i did install lastpass app to manage all my passwords since i log onto 85 different sites with different and complex passwords .   it works very well . i love my new galaxy note 4 . i switched from an iphone and its the best decision i could have made . i love the selfie pictures and regular pictures i am able to take . i love how fast it is and it doesn't feel like it lags . the s pen is great and it has a lot of features . my favorite is if you want to update your facebook status, you don't have to type it, you can simply write it and it will convert it to the typing format . how cool is that? the screen quality is amazing . so vibrant, clear and i think its the best screen out there . the fast charging is amazing . great feature . overall this is a great phone and i love it . i feel like i made the right choice  .   what more can you ask for in a phone? :) the note series keeps proving it's one of the best out there . i thank amazon for a pretty fast shipping as well . perfect phone  .   i love the note 4, but hate that at&t locked it down like no other! you pay more than the t-mobile variant, yet it comes with more bloatware, and a locked bootloader . i knew this ahead of time, so i can't really complain, but i miss the old days of the note 2 being so opened . with all that said, this is one hell of a phone .i can positively say that the note 4 is one pretty damn good phone, and the best one available . looks and feels beautiful and premium . best screen i've ever experienced on a mobile device . buttery smooth software . i've not noticed any lag in any application . also it's very intuitive and functional . the camera is great, much better than my friend's iphone 6+ 5 . it's feature rich, and the features are actually very useful, (very few gimmicks) - love s note, direct call, s pen, multitasking, drag and drop feature, universal remote control feature, clipboard, screen write, image clip, smart select, action memo, the awesome gallery and it's numerous features, one handed operation, etc 6 . some people think it's just a dumb stylus but you should watch a few youtube videos on the s pen 7 . the battery is great, much better than that of the note 3 . lound and clear call quality (louder than note 3) 10 . excellent sunlight legibility 11 . love tap to pay with google wallet cons: i'll update this review with any i find with time . i highly recommend this phone above all else and i've played with the iphone 6+, lg g2 - both are not worth it compared to the note 4 . they're just large phones that don't bring much to the table besides larger screens while the note 4 also brings tons of intuitive and useful functionality to the table . i paid full price and i believe it's worth every dime i spent (especially since other phablets that don't offer half as much as this one are being sold for the same price or more) . ever since i got it, my wife has loved it and wanted it . so, i got a chance to compare the two mighty flagships of this year, although meant to cater different audiences . i am not going to bore you all with a detail of specs (they are more available than you desire on any tech articles) . i really like the 0 .7 inches extra real estate available on the note 4 . m8 has better whites, note 4 has slightly yellowish whites and better blacks than m8 . s-pen is a huge positive if it can be of use to you . i personally think i will find it very useful in my job . i felt note 4 has an edge in that regard in daily use . note 4 has improved a lot with metal edges though . boom sound speakers of m8 provide a much better multimedia experience than samsung's hind facing speaker ( i don't know why would you put it there) 7 . 16 mp camera on note 4 is much better than m8's camera . i do however think that m8's camera is criticized more than it deserves . htc sense 6 any day is better than any samsung touchwiz . both note 4 and m8 are equally smooth in their functioning . m8 is obviously better in one hand functionality . but note 4 has panoramic view which comes in handy in most party selfles where all friends want to get into one picture . i think panoramic view makes note 4 even with htc m8 in selfie aspect . so, in general i think both m8 and note 4 are amazing phones for this year . as far as other flagships of this year are concerned, i would however recommend staying away from samsung galaxy s5 as i don't think 2 gb ram is enough for cramping touchwiz . on top of that, a plastic body is just a big no . lg g3's colors look washed in front of m8 or note 4, but is otherwise a great device . i haven't had an experience with moto x 2014 but i believe it will be great device . i do want to recommend to everyone to try different launchers .   update: a word about the fast charging, i think this is a big strength that is missing from a lot of flagships . even if you are down to 20% in the middle of an evening (i am working more than 24 hours straight in a hospital frequently), during my dinner time of 15-20 minutes, i can put it on charge and get up back to work with 60-70% battery, which can almost last another full day in some cases . this is awesome  .   good and does what it advertised . awesome! this phone is amazing here are the pros and cons: pros: long battery life(2 days worth more ; than iphone 6 plus) quad hd screen(more than iphone 6 plus) s pen(great for notes) premium finish cons: none currently . i love this phone   . it was not suppose to be here for 2 days i received it on release day! thank you amazon  . so far i love it . it is a little different than ios and will take a little getting used to but so far i realy like it . it is extremely nice!i also ready like the leather back it feels really good in the hand .the screen is amazing! i find myself constantly useing the s-pen, i really like it! once you go phablet you don't go back  .   love the phone its came the way u said it will perfect and on time . it has more scratches than i thought and the camera does not run very well . my daughter loves her phones no problems so far as we had it for 4 weeks . received in good condition . fast shipping item as expected . i got defective piece . very disappointed and had to return in 2 days . display started giving trouble within 2 days . i wasted my screen protector glass as well  .   this is a marvel! works very good, this is my firths time my cell works every thing . i am so happy  .   i love my iphone 6 plus that i recently purchased . i love the larger size compared to the iphone 6  . much easier to read, text, etc  .   love it  .   seller sold me a phone that has the infamous iphone 6 and 6 plus touch screen issues . looking forward to having to have this work done  .   phone is good  . works great . very happy '''' . they sold me iphone with defective camera and flash light . perfect brand new phone as advertised, with the cheapest price on amazon   .   perfect  . it's working well  . it freezes all the time and turns off by itself sometimes and i've only had it for like 3-4 months and its been doing crazy things since i got it .   everything met my expectations just wish a case was sent based on the purchase price however i'm loving my phone especially the security features . love the phone . great price and brand new phone . great condition no problem with refurbished phone   . works perfect  . so disappointed with this iphone they saled used iphone with damage . absolutely perfect - thank you very much - it appears to be brand new and is in original box with all the accessories - i want more . i was very pleased with the product, i even got a free covers for my iphone thank you very much . great phone . i have had no problems with it so far . i'm so glad i took the plunge and bought it from amazon .   the phone it work good , . i am extremely pleased with my brand new iphone  .   the price was right and it came right in time  .   i am sorry but i think i was dupe by the information posted on this phone . if i had known i would have second thoughrs, mind you the iphone is a extremely good phone needless to say i have an iphone 4 and a 3 and i never had any problems .   i really love it  . great phones and fast service on two well priced used iphone 6 plus  .   the phone is now not working at all - the touch screen started by glitching - it has been in a lifeproof case since we got it and it now does not work at all - struggling to get this resolved . the sound when making or receiving a call, is very low, is very hard to understand what people say  . very very incredible telephone   . don't buy it looks great outside, but the camera doesn't work tried to fix all the ways but still the same  .   i like  .   everything was great! quick delivery good product   . phone looks new and has clean imei . no problems with it so far (only been a couple days) would of givin a 5 star review but it says it's brand new and when i went to put my sim card in the phone there was already an att sim installed . overall though it seems like a great phone  .   it is fantastic i love it . really good no scratches and sealed, i can only connect it to at&t & verizon and some other carriers ill update when i get it connected . good deal . the best  .   received a broken iphone  .   can't go wrong with an unlocked iphone good quality for someone who travels allot  . i love it . it is fairly to use it, and there were some scratches  . phone came in with amazing shape, there are no scratches or damages, it works 10/10! keep up the good work  .   it has some minor scratches but it works perfectly '''''''' . it is very good iphone . i like it very much . i give five stars because i'm really happy with my iphone is working good without any problems . great  . phone was stolen  .   at this point very happy with this item will buy again . will never recommend nor purchase from jemjem . it was tested by a friend and have worked very well . phone works most of the time but isnt as reliable as one would hope considering the cost . love it! came just as it said it would! definitely would recommend  .   best cell phone on the market . i love it  .   daughter has not had any issues with this phone  . very good! i like it  . i loved them . it's taking me a little time to get used to understanding how things work on my i-phone, but i'm getting there . but i love how crisp and clear my close-up "flower" pictures come out . beautiful  . seller was great and phone was as described! thanks . great phone, was in near perfect condition  . i just got it yesterday and the screen have some problems! it doesn't work  . cheapest one i have found . everything esa perfect  . larger screen really is helpful writing email etc . i like it mi phone . excellent condition  .   nice one . really nice phone . love it . great condition phone  . nice thank you . bought this for my mom, no trouble at all . the phone arrived in great condition and is unlocked  .   awesome  . i'm very pleased with the upgrade with no complaints noted  .something wrong with touch screen .l really hate this phone .   it is larger and easier to type upon . pretty color . bought wrong sim card since verison towers serve my area and tracfone uses them not at&t . i misunderstood which was needed in a sim card because phone isn't to be under a verizon contract . you have one chance and can not go back and transfer data later unless you clear every out and start from scratch  .   my wife love it . although the phone was stolen, it worked great, and was everything that i could want in a phone  .   excelent buyer and product  .   they sold me a broken iphone . the phone it's working good no issues at all,the only thing that would recommend to everyone is to grab your iphone unlocked now  . love the simplicity of the iphone family and don't think i'll ever go back . i thought the screen would be too big but i actually love it  .   perfect condition . works great  . received an error message stating that the item was listed as lost or stolen . immediately contacted amazon to expedited my refund and my return of the product  .   so far good   .   it crashes often and stays very hot during the munites . perfect god bless you . works great and i love . i received the phone with significant scratches, so its obviously a used phone but besides that it works perfectly .   it works perfectly . love it working well thank you  . nice product, works as planned  .   love this phone! came with charger and works perfectly . super fast shipping too  .   everything works fine . the phone was perfect as described but accidentally bought and the return process was easy will not hesitate to buy again  .   brand new iphone very happy with it . when this iphone 6 plus arrived the shipping package wasn't secured, it was folded over like a 1970's sandwich bag! the box was filthy and stained! it had none of apples silver logo's imprinted on the box and didn't come with the manual that all new apple phone come with . after some research on refurbished and used phones it was more than evident that the phone wasn't "new" at all!the sim tray didn't have the serial # imprinted on it, the original serial # stickers were missing from the box and the serial # showed inaccurate date of manufacturer in conjunction with phone model! absolutely not as desribed! apple iphone 6 plus 128gb factory unlocked gsm 4g lte cell phone - space gray . this phone is absolutely perfect no scratches and it's shipped very fast  . great product . great phone, couldn't be happier with the iphone phone upgrade we made . thanks again for the bargain price we purchased the phone with  .   doesn't work so well in china the wifi aways disconnect it's ok . this was fraud on my account . even better than it looked online .   perfect for me  .   love my phone .   loved it  . i absolutely love my phone  .   thank you matt  .   worked great at first- now my phone is starting to glitch  . he's definitely honest and communication was great  .   i love the phone . thank god '''''''' . nice phone i really like it and it's much way cheaper than in apple store thank you . good enough . best of the best  . i love it . great price  . love my 6s plus  . i am extremely satisfied with this purchase . quick delivery and the phone is just like brand new with original receipt and apple warranty until end of june, 2016 . phone got here fast but it has scratches in all for corners , top volume button is jammed and also the phone freezes i can't even get inside of it , i'm getting a refund . i am enjoying the ease of this phone and the workshops and games . it takes great pictures  . the phone looks good tho and it's box looks untouched as well . however, this phone will not be activated right away cause it is a gift .   the iphone 6 plus came as a perfect match . good product . i upgraded my phone and my children's phones from iphone 4s es so these were a huge change . a lot better for games and surfing the web  . brought the phone from them but the screen didn't work and it didn't say it in the description do not buy from them . i'n very happy with the it . phone is awesome really good deal too  .   great phone, great shipping . dope '''' . it is 128gb if i had problems with my screen no longer serve, i had to change into a money making up apple store  . good value and as presented . worked with my verizon carrier  .   very fast shipping and i received the way it was described . very pleased with my iphone thanx . item was in near perfect condition .   very satisfied with the item . works just as expected . i would recommend seller quicknship . fast delivery very clean phone . one small scratch that does not effect view  .   good choice . excellent product timely delivery highly recommended . every thing was good   .   phone was in excellent condition as advertised  .   works great  .   absolutely perfect used phone, not a scratch and works as a new one . i like my new iphone 6 plus  . i have not had a large phone for quite some time for myself but now i want one :) no scratches but was not in a oem box . was a little nervous buying a refurbed phone, but it's been working absolutely perfectly . was in near perfect condition when we received it . activated easier than phones we've purchased directly from verizon . love the size coupled with the lightweight of the 6 plus! highly recommend  .   i love my phone took awhile to come but it's amazing next one i'm getting is the 6s plus . looks and works very good . has a small scratch on the screen, but i guess that is why priced $50 lower than others . --does not bother me as long as i saved $  .   love it  .   the phone arrived in perfect condition  .   seller provided product just like advertised and has a really good cs . i thought i would find the size cumbersome, but now i can't imagine going back to a smaller screen . great for tv/video on the go! battery life is decent considering the size  .   love it . my iphone 6 plus is awesome i am so glad i went with on amazon to purchase my phone very satisfied . phone as good as brand new . nice phone . yes love it so i need some i phone 6 &6 plus unlock please thanks '''' .   great item i love it :) . true to this sellers word, the iphone 6 plus is excellent  .   upset  .   the headphones were counterfeit and i'm starting to worry if the phone is too  .   terrific product . this phone has dead pixels in it . i am very disappointed as i spent close to 500$  . shipping was super fast and very well packaged priced that cant be beat   .   apple 6 plus a nice up grade and very fast . it is in good condition and it's worth its cost . great condition! works great . not what i wanted; great product, came on time . my looks new like never been used . no scratches no dents no cracks no nothing just a grate phone . if i there's an option for no star rating, i will do it for this lousy phone for couples of reasons . it's a brand-new factory unlocked phone that i purchase less than 2 weeks ago . it works as supposed for the first few days but shows signs of un-stability in the second week . compared to a nokia 925 that i have been using for over a year, iphone 6 plus is suck  .   love it . great condition . yesss, i love it exactly wht i expected . lots of scratches on the film  .  not worth the money  .   excellent condition . 100% great seller . no problems what so ever and im very pleased . it's a good phone as usual . the phone works great, was as advertised and i love this iphone, very good job of describing product and the extras were appreciated as well, great job  .   nice phone work very good . it's a beautiful iphone 6 plus . i love it .the seller reliable and trustworthy, item dileverd on time  .   transit quickly and the phone is great  .   very happy with this purchase  .   this phone is a gift for my friend who seems to like it very much  .   the recall piss me off, i had the problem most of the time when i need to use it, i hate apple brand, will never ever buy it any more . very good , thanks   . however, there was a problem with the sim card reader causing the sim card to either not be recognized or the phone having no signal . the sellers did not describe the item fully and cut some corners = they also delayed and did not want to tale the item back, after the discrepancies came to light by referring it to the apple store in west los angeles  .   bought one and happy with it . excellent phone, as expected . worked with fido in canada with no issue  .   great phone just make room for it! now when i see the regular size phones they feel very small . i love my new screen  .   great because it's unlocked and no one can hold you hostage with a early termination fee! battery life much, much better than the 5's . it 's a excellent product . very good and it works with chinese sim card very well . my wife love the phone  .  is is great  .   excelent, has expected, works very good  .   does not work with verizon . very good phone . that was disappointing  .   the phone is great got it for a friend in the dominican republic . item was listed as unlocked and when i received it, the phone wouldn't work with my carrier . i called att and the phone is listed on the national stolen list .   excellent quality . apple and gmail don't play well together . there are some really nice thing about this phone though . i love the vibrancy of the display . i like text dictation . i do like the extra large format, though there is wasted space .   excellent item! bought the iphone 6plus for my wife! she is extremely happy! the item was purchased by seller - us oem - item arrived on time and i'm sure it would have even been early then originally expected if it wasn't july 4th weekend . highly recommend purchase! ☺ . it came in on time and no issue at all . works as was expected . big enough i can actually see it .   love it, best phone ever  .   sorry i was not able to use the phone had to return it because it was not a verizon phone as indicated  . i brought it to the apple store and they were unable to repair it .   it arrived early; however, seems to work better with a headset  .   the iphone 6 plus is a huge phone! it can be bully to carry, or even just using it in your hand . another amazing feature about this phone is the camera . although it is only 8 megapixels it still can take better pictures than most of it's android competitors . i would usually have to charge in the early afternoon on days like that . my favorite part about this though is the ecosystem around it . but there is a beauty in the continuity . there are some apps that don't work on the phone so i have to use the ipad but probably atleast 75% of my web browsing and amazon shopping is done on this device . in fact i'm writing this review on here right now  . like new and functioning perfectly  .   the person i ordered this 4 loves it  .   works great the only issue i had was no sim card so i had to take the phone to verizon and they gave me one for free so i could activate it . i expected this phone to be easier to use than the iphone 4 and 4s i had . deleting many unwanted things  .   the phone doesnt work it got stuck after a week . great device  . love love love it! came 4 days ahead of schedule .no problem so far . dun ask me why! just love it  .   great price and great speed .   its so good  .   great phone, i got my iphone in 3 days like new . i really recommend this sheller . great product! exactly as advertised . excellent phone and excellent customer service from ragstorichs . great  . great :) . excellent phone .   they are a bunch of rip off  .   it is good to use on middle east countries,it works just fine  .   phone is great does more than i expected  . all good  .   great phone  .   love this phone . great phone, switched from regular 6 to 6 plus and love it . i have fairly large hands but definitely need two hands in most cases to use this phone  .   it's very good  . excellent  .   definitely it's working in venezuela and perfect! the box come sealed and the iphone 6 working very good ! thanks a lot  .   love it  .   love it  .   i love this phone i have nothing to complain about . very good phone . very good phone . perfect! and fast delivery . much improvement over my iphone 4  .   i love it, it works with verizon and there were no scratches or dents on it and everything worked perfectly  .   excellent product .   fast delivery   .   awesome product . i like it thanks , my phone work very well in venezuela . i love my iphone 6 plus it took some time getting here which was very aggravating  .   but over all it's a very good phone  .   fast delivery . good response . no issues so far  .   nice phone  .   highly recommended this phone, i loved  . reiceved my phone packaged safely and securely as expected and i love love love it wonderful phone to have . very pleased with the phone, however the sim card removal tool was missing . thank you . this phone really works well in all respects .   very bad phone, not brand new  .   it's a damn iphone no review needed . it's great  .   the best smartphone ever  .   excellent seller all as agreed upon , and correpondia the product description , i recommend . fast shipping ,very good iphone . nice phone everything i was looking for   . fast shipping! highly recommended . finally the comfort and reliability of an iphone in the size that i always wanted! it's about time apple puts this phone out! i love it; touch id can be a little spotty but you just have to mind how you hold your fingers . if you like a big phone but your a snobby apple user like myself then you will be quite pleased  .   excellent product . great phone, very fast, huge screen, amazing battery life! i can go 80 hours listening to mp3s or 14 hours watching videos! coming from a samsung/android fanboy   .   i love it  .   so great   . awesome phone with extended battery life . i'm disappointed because that was a christmas gift  . the phone is great, easy to work with and comfortable in my hand  .   no problems with shipping  . love it! thank you so much . quick shipping and very responsive to all questions . phone works great . great i love it . i really like my iphone 6 plus . i also would like to mention that amazon made a mistake not mentioned that it would take them 2 business days for verification process after i bought my iphone 6 plus . at the begging they were trying to shift the responsibility somewhere else, but after i talked to one of the top managers who was very helpful and agreed that amazon should make it clear that whenever you buy something that cost more than $700 or $1000 or whatever amount, they will have to do the verification process which will take up to 2 business days . anyway, that top manager at amazon made it very easy for me . he got me an express mail that solved the whole problem, but i was on the phone for about an hour to reach that powerful manager . that is just advice and sharing experience for whom are willing to buy it through amazon  . apple had a hard time figuring out how the seller got a hold of this particular model (some unusual features) and advised they are unsure if adding an verizon sim card will work . not happy  . a little skeptical of buying pre-used phones especially iphones but this one works fine looks good and does what i expected . the phone was in perfect condition and works great  .   so happy with it . love it . the apple store helped me put in the return from the store . on a positive it was very easy to return but i did have to pay for the shipping  .   i wouldn't recommend purchasing a used iphone -- this phone had the grey bar/screen problem (google it) and was useless less than 6 months after i purchased . the apple warranty was expired and i literally lost $400 on a worthless phone . buyer beware  . decent price . i love this phone however the volume is less than my 4s which had awesome clarity . i don't know if this is an inherent issue with the phone or if it's a quirk in the ios .   great device in perfect condition . it's in perfect condition haven't had any problems yet it's working perfectly fine . it works great and i really like it .   phone works fine, but i am a bit worried about the screen death problem (which i heard about after i had ordered the phone) . the screen is nice and large, but that causes increased phone size . this thing is big and pretty heavy . does not fit well in any of my pockets . i did not know what i was buying, so cannot fault the phone for that . check things out well before buying  .   if i had known better i would not have bought this, very poor customer service and also defective phone .   way better and bigger than my old phone . plus a lot more fancy too . like all the new features on the 6 plus also love my new lifeproof case i bought too . great product, buyer was spot on with quality . no problems so far  .   it has problems with it! it wont connect to wifi, location doesnt work, and it glitches from time to time  .   requires at&t sim card but great phone great condition  . did not work correctly . out of 20 times that we tried to swipe to unlock the screen, it only unlocked maybe 2 times .   clearly a step up from my i-4  . screen began to slowly fail then after getting an estimate of $200 . for a new phone with warranty, as the company never returned my husbands emails to even see what the issue was! huge waste of too much money  . the screen has a different color at an angle and it recently messed up  .   phone works great and got here fast .   arrived really dirty but i cleaned it up  . the build quality and snappy processor are great and everything has a very buttery smooth transition to it . battery life on the plus is amazing and as a extremely heavy user i can say you'll have a tough time killing this battery unless you play intense 3d rendering games for hours on end (very unlikely) . sellers description was exact almost off and not giving it enough credit . it was noted as "used-acceptable" without a scratch on it, and believe me i looked! camera is a downside from my lg g4 and i miss functions like photo sphere from google . and the one thing i hate the most for this is the lack of freedom that you get from android . other than that the phone is awesome  .   i searched all over amazon for the best deal on a refurbished iphone 6 plus and after finding this seller having a good $50 bellow all the other products i should have known there was going to be some kind of defect . at first i thought it was some kind of phone over heating problem because it had been outside laying on a table on a hot day for about an hour . that very same day the phone's touchscreen still would't register my touches and along with that some weird glitch would appear on the top half of the screen and slowly reach lower and lower into the phone disorienting the display . i took it to a phone repair store and they said that it was most likely the result of a really bad from home, do it yourself, screen replacement .   would recommend to everyone this phone is awesome  . shipping was fast as promised . little sent bottom corner (didn't remember seeing that in write up) but everything is working and not an issue as he uses a case . thank you . what the hell kind of service is this  . not happy at all with how this product was represented  .   good condition  .   the product crapped out within 4 months, i got it and within the first week it would twitch and freak out . do not trust this company . i'm a college student depends on her phone and think it's right to sell a product they know isn't working properly  .   i like this product . i love it . the phone was very clean as advertised . no problems  .   a+++++ it was like new as described, delivered on time highly recommended .   *you are risking your money buying a refurbished device* the device was fine at first  . my phone was impossible to use . it would randomly type things, open apps, crash pages i was using and freeze uncontrollably . after doing some frustrated research i found out that this was called "ghost touching" . this is a problem with the device itself, no matter how many times you restore, update or restart it .   their "we guarantee our products to be as described or better . they have a generic write in about how great their perfect devices are using elaborate / keywords to grab peoples attention into buying their devices . i am very disappointed because after calling apple numerous times they said there is nothing they can do, and that i had to take it up with amazon and the hubbaz seller . love my new phone . great phone but the camera in the rear view is blurry and cannot focus . anyway, my feeling is much better now .   charger didn't work and phone cuts on and off and phone never stays charge . in anything under sold the great condition of this phone very happy with my purchase  . thank you . i've just received my iphone 6 plus today and i was really excited however the charger isn't working, it says its charging but the percentage of the battery isn't increasing :/ .   love my phone, i recommend buying from this seller . its like a brand new device  .   i love it  . however, design like it's very attractive . it is just too big and feels un-natural for an iphone​, i'll pass . love it what can i say great deal . perfect condition absolutely love it  .   great products amazon . it came in a very good condition just as stated .   the iphone arrived super fast! it was just as promised, like new, taken care of with zero scratches or any signs of wear . i am very happy with product  . thanks so much it's the best decision i ever made  .   the phone was great   . excellent product and just as described said no scratches and it was so . fast shipping and honest description equals a good company . fast delivery, product was exactly as described  .   was in condition described! fast, upgraded shipping . the phone works perfect . i love the bigger size! it is an upgrade from my former 5s . would recommend the seller and the phone  .   works great . i'm loving my new phone  .   dents in the back . as described! excellent condition! a++ . this phone works as intended . great buy  . put in a sim card and it has worked great since way better than paying 1000 dollars from at&t . this is one of the best dicisions i've ever made  . so glad i bought this  .   works perfect . came in, in perfect condition :) . great phone! love it  . i was worried because of the decent price it would have some sort of problems . none! it is in great condition and i have had it for a couple weeks now with absolutely no problems  .   like what he says .very good   .   great phone, it exceeded my expectations . this phone looks and operated like a brand new phone at half the price  .   it's a great phone and looks great but very upset that something is wrong with the speaker when i talk or call someone it's even worse when i use facetime bummer i spent so much for a phone that i can't hear out of  .   phone works good but the charger you sent does not work . this is an issue for me, as i purchased one of the more expensive phones available for the purpose that it came with the charger & head phones  .   love my new phone great buy, great seller very fast delivery  .   it's perfect i am happy with it . love the phone, excellent cognition  .   great phone! 128gb was too much, 16gb was too little, 64gb was just right  .   iphone 6plus 16gb arrived way ahead of schedule in mint condition not one scratch nor dent . im very very very impress and extremely happy about the condition/performance of phone for the price . will definitely keep u posted but would definitely recommend for now . phone was in good condition as said . awesome iphone 6 plus like new  .   love it  .   great phone . very pleased with the iphone 6 plus . works very well  .   good, works great . i love it . fast shipping and great phone - everything as promised, great condition, perfect packing - love it .   works perfectly and phone came in nearly new condition . works with at&t  .   thank you . great phone, great price  .   love this phone . great price for a great product . very happy with this purchase . 100% satisfied with this phone . it was in perfect working order and the sender went out of his way to expedite shipping for me . he communicated with me via email to make sure the item arrived on time and to make sure the phone worked properly . thank you very much  .   just received my 6+ today and so far no problems whatsoever perfectly new looking and functioning phone . glad i made this purchase  . so far i have loved my phone despite a few random reboots here and there, which i hope is fixable . i really love this phone and the condition that i received it in was as if i bought a brand new phone  .   great product . very happy with it  .   love my phone and the service i received from j&r they are great  .   yes, complete happy  .   phone is working properly and i'm loving it! it's kinda big big but i'm use to it now  .   say no more! excellent :) . worst experience ever . my entire family have owned i phone 4 s and 5 s i did not like the small screen . the 6 plus may not be for everyone but it is a excellent but as all cell phones need more updates . my family and grand kids have just spent a week at disney world and the photos that i captured for 6 days are excellent photos . apple by far has really come up with a winner  .   the best phone ever . love it . love the + size! glad we did not get the smaller  .   great phone ! thank you  . this awesome product exceeded my expectations . i love it  .   i am happy with the product  .  :) my package was securely wrapped and shipped i was happy to see that since it was a delicate item  .   item was as described! straight business no bs   .   love the phone its came the way u said it will perfect and on time . it has more scratches than i thought and the camera does not run very well . my daughter loves her phones no problems so far as we had it for 4 weeks . received in good condition . fast shipping item as expected . i got defective piece . very disappointed and had to return in 2 days . display started giving trouble within 2 days . i wasted my screen protector glass as well  .   this is a marvel! works very good, this is my firths time my cell works every thing . i am so happy  .   i love my iphone 6 plus that i recently purchased . i love the larger size compared to the iphone 6  . much easier to read, text, etc  .   love it  .   seller sold me a phone that has the infamous iphone 6 and 6 plus touch screen issues . looking forward to having to have this work done '''''''' . phone is good  . works great . very happy '''' . they sold me iphone with defective camera and flash light . perfect brand new phone as advertised, with the cheapest price on amazon   .   perfect  . it's working well  . it freezes all the time and turns off by itself sometimes and i've only had it for like 3-4 months and its been doing crazy things since i got it .   everything met my expectations just wish a case was sent based on the purchase price however i'm loving my phone especially the security features . love the phone . great price and brand new phone . great condition no problem with refurbished phone   . works perfect  . so disappointed with this iphone they saled used iphone with damage . absolutely perfect - thank you very much - it appears to be brand new and is in original box with all the accessories - i want more . i was very pleased with the product, i even got a free covers for my iphone thank you very much . great phone . i have had no problems with it so far . i'm so glad i took the plunge and bought it from amazon .   the phone it work good , . i am extremely pleased with my brand new iphone  .   the price was right and it came right in time  .   i am sorry but i think i was dupe by the information posted on this phone . if i had known i would have second thoughrs, mind you the iphone is a extremely good phone needless to say i have an iphone 4 and a 3 and i never had any problems .   i really love it  . great phones and fast service on two well priced used iphone 6 plus  .   the phone is now not working at all - the touch screen started by glitching - it has been in a lifeproof case since we got it and it now does not work at all - struggling to get this resolved . the sound when making or receiving a call, is very low, is very hard to understand what people say  . very very incredible telephone   . don't buy it looks great outside, but the camera doesn't work tried to fix all the ways but still the same  .   i like  .   everything was great! quick delivery good product   . phone looks new and has clean imei . no problems with it so far (only been a couple days) would of givin a 5 star review but it says it's brand new and when i went to put my sim card in the phone there was already an att sim installed . overall though it seems like a great phone  .   it is fantastic i love it . really good no scratches and sealed, i can only connect it to at&t & verizon and some other carriers ill update when i get it connected . good deal . the best  .   received a broken iphone  .   can't go wrong with an unlocked iphone good quality for someone who travels allot  . i love it . it is fairly to use it, and there were some scratches  . phone came in with amazing shape, there are no scratches or damages, it works 10/10! keep up the good work  .   it has some minor scratches but it works perfectly '''''''' . it is very good iphone . i like it very much . i give five stars because i'm really happy with my iphone is working good without any problems . great  . phone was stolen  .   at this point very happy with this item will buy again . will never recommend nor purchase from jemjem . it was tested by a friend and have worked very well . phone works most of the time but isnt as reliable as one would hope considering the cost . love it! came just as it said it would! definitely would recommend  .   best cell phone on the market . i love it  .   daughter has not had any issues with this phone  . very good! i like it  . i loved them . it's taking me a little time to get used to understanding how things work on my i-phone, but i'm getting there . but i love how crisp and clear my close-up "flower" pictures come out . beautiful  . seller was great and phone was as described! thanks . great phone, was in near perfect condition  . i just got it yesterday and the screen have some problems! it doesn't work  . cheapest one i have found . everything esa perfect  . larger screen really is helpful writing email etc . i like it mi phone . excellent condition  .   nice one . really nice phone . love it . great condition phone  . nice thank you . bought this for my mom, no trouble at all . the phone arrived in great condition and is unlocked  .   awesome  . i'm very pleased with the upgrade with no complaints noted  .something wrong with touch screen .l really hate this phone . it is larger and easier to type upon . pretty color . bought wrong sim card since verison towers serve my area and tracfone uses them not at&t . i misunderstood which was needed in a sim card because phone isn't to be under a verizon contract . you have one chance and can not go back and transfer data later unless you clear every out and start from scratch  .   my wife love it . although the phone was stolen, it worked great, and was everything that i could want in a phone  .   excelent buyer and product  .   they sold me a broken iphone . the phone it's working good no issues at all,the only thing that would recommend to everyone is to grab your iphone unlocked now  . love the simplicity of the iphone family and don't think i'll ever go back . i thought the screen would be too big but i actually love it  .   perfect condition . works great  . received an error message stating that the item was listed as lost or stolen . immediately contacted amazon to expedited my refund and my return of the product  .   so far good   .   it crashes often and stays very hot during the munites . perfect god bless you . works great and i love . i received the phone with significant scratches, so its obviously a used phone but besides that it works perfectly .   it works perfectly . love it working well thank you  . nice product, works as planned  .   love this phone! came with charger and works perfectly . super fast shipping too  .   everything works fine . the phone was perfect as described but accidentally bought and the return process was easy will not hesitate to buy again  .   brand new iphone very happy with it . when this iphone 6 plus arrived the shipping package wasn't secured, it was folded over like a 1970's sandwich bag! the box was filthy and stained! it had none of apples silver logo's imprinted on the box and didn't come with the manual that all new apple phone come with . after some research on refurbished and used phones it was more than evident that the phone wasn't "new" at all!the sim tray didn't have the serial # imprinted on it, the original serial # stickers were missing from the box and the serial # showed inaccurate date of manufacturer in conjunction with phone model! absolutely not as desribed! apple iphone 6 plus 128gb factory unlocked gsm 4g lte cell phone - space gray . this phone is absolutely perfect no scratches and it's shipped very fast  . great product . great phone, couldn't be happier with the iphone phone upgrade we made . thanks again for the bargain price we purchased the phone with  .   doesn't work so well in china the wifi aways disconnect it's ok . this was fraud on my account . even better than it looked online .   perfect for me  .   love my phone .   loved it  . i absolutely love my phone  .   thank you matt  .   worked great at first- now my phone is starting to glitch  . he's definitely honest and communication was great  .   i love the phone . thank god '''''''' . nice phone i really like it and it's much way cheaper than in apple store thank you . good enough . best of the best  . i love it . great price  . love my 6s plus  . i am extremely satisfied with this purchase . quick delivery and the phone is just like brand new with original receipt and apple warranty until end of june, 2016 . phone got here fast but it has scratches in all for corners , top volume button is jammed and also the phone freezes i can't even get inside of it , i'm getting a refund . i am enjoying the ease of this phone and the workshops and games . it takes great pictures  . the phone looks good tho and it's box looks untouched as well . however, this phone will not be activated right away cause it is a gift .   the iphone 6 plus came as a perfect match . good product . i upgraded my phone and my children's phones from iphone 4s es so these were a huge change . a lot better for games and surfing the web  . brought the phone from them but the screen didn't work and it didn't say it in the description do not buy from them . i'n very happy with the it . phone is awesome really good deal too  .   great phone, great shipping . dope '''' . it is 128gb if i had problems with my screen no longer serve, i had to change into a money making up apple store  . good value and as presented . worked with my verizon carrier  .   very fast shipping and i received the way it was described . very pleased with my iphone thanx . item was in near perfect condition .   very satisfied with the item . works just as expected . i would recommend seller quicknship . fast delivery very clean phone . one small scratch that does not effect view  .   good choice . excellent product timely delivery highly recommended . every thing was good   .   phone was in excellent condition as advertised  .   works great  .   absolutely perfect used phone, not a scratch and works as a new one . i like my new iphone 6 plus  . i have not had a large phone for quite some time for myself but now i want one :) no scratches but was not in a oem box . was a little nervous buying a refurbed phone, but it's been working absolutely perfectly . was in near perfect condition when we received it . activated easier than phones we've purchased directly from verizon . love the size coupled with the lightweight of the 6 plus! highly recommend  .   i love my phone took awhile to come but it's amazing next one i'm getting is the 6s plus . looks and works very good . has a small scratch on the screen, but i guess that is why priced $50 lower than others . --does not bother me as long as i saved $  .   love it  .   the phone arrived in perfect condition  .   seller provided product just like advertised and has a really good cs . i thought i would find the size cumbersome, but now i can't imagine going back to a smaller screen . great for tv/video on the go! battery life is decent considering the size  .   love it . my iphone 6 plus is awesome i am so glad i went with on amazon to purchase my phone very satisfied . phone as good as brand new . nice phone . yes love it so i need some i phone 6 &6 plus unlock please thanks '''' .   great item i love it :) . true to this sellers word, the iphone 6 plus is excellent  .   upset  .   the headphones were counterfeit and i'm starting to worry if the phone is too  .   terrific product . this phone has dead pixels in it . i am very disappointed as i spent close to 500$  . shipping was super fast and very well packaged priced that cant be beat   .   apple 6 plus a nice up grade and very fast . it is in good condition and it's worth its cost . great condition! works great . not what i wanted; great product, came on time . my looks new like never been used . no scratches no dents no cracks no nothing just a grate phone . if i there's an option for no star rating, i will do it for this lousy phone for couples of reasons . it's a brand-new factory unlocked phone that i purchase less than 2 weeks ago . it works as supposed for the first few days but shows signs of un-stability in the second week . compared to a nokia 925 that i have been using for over a year, iphone 6 plus is suck  .   love it . great condition . yesss, i love it exactly wht i expected . lots of scratches on the film  .  not worth the money  .   excellent condition . 100% great seller . no problems what so ever and im very pleased . it's a good phone as usual . the phone works great, was as advertised and i love this iphone, very good job of describing product and the extras were appreciated as well, great job  .   nice phone work very good . it's a beautiful iphone 6 plus . i love it .the seller reliable and trustworthy, item dileverd on time  .   transit quickly and the phone is great  .   very happy with this purchase  .   this phone is a gift for my friend who seems to like it very much  .   the recall piss me off, i had the problem most of the time when i need to use it, i hate apple brand, will never ever buy it any more . very good , thanks   . however, there was a problem with the sim card reader causing the sim card to either not be recognized or the phone having no signal . the sellers did not describe the item fully and cut some corners = they also delayed and did not want to tale the item back, after the discrepancies came to light by referring it to the apple store in west los angeles  .   bought one and happy with it . excellent phone, as expected . worked with fido in canada with no issue  .   great phone just make room for it! now when i see the regular size phones they feel very small . i love my new screen  .   great because it's unlocked and no one can hold you hostage with a early termination fee! battery life much, much better than the 5's . it 's a excellent product . very good and it works with chinese sim card very well . my wife love the phone  .  is is great  .   excelent, has expected, works very good  .   does not work with verizon . very good phone . that was disappointing  .   the phone is great got it for a friend in the dominican republic . item was listed as unlocked and when i received it, the phone wouldn't work with my carrier . i called att and the phone is listed on the national stolen list .   excellent quality . apple and gmail don't play well together . there are some really nice thing about this phone though . i love the vibrancy of the display . i like text dictation . i do like the extra large format, though there is wasted space .   excellent item! bought the iphone 6plus for my wife! she is extremely happy! the item was purchased by seller - us oem - item arrived on time and i'm sure it would have even been early then originally expected if it wasn't july 4th weekend . highly recommend purchase! ☺ . it came in on time and no issue at all . works as was expected . big enough i can actually see it .   love it, best phone ever  .   sorry i was not able to use the phone had to return it because it was not a verizon phone as indicated  . i brought it to the apple store and they were unable to repair it .   it arrived early; however, seems to work better with a headset  .   the iphone 6 plus is a huge phone! it can be bully to carry, or even just using it in your hand . another amazing feature about this phone is the camera . although it is only 8 megapixels it still can take better pictures than most of it's android competitors . i would usually have to charge in the early afternoon on days like that . my favorite part about this though is the ecosystem around it . but there is a beauty in the continuity . there are some apps that don't work on the phone so i have to use the ipad but probably atleast 75% of my web browsing and amazon shopping is done on this device . in fact i'm writing this review on here right now  . like new and functioning perfectly  .   the person i ordered this 4 loves it  .   works great the only issue i had was no sim card so i had to take the phone to verizon and they gave me one for free so i could activate it . i expected this phone to be easier to use than the iphone 4 and 4s i had . deleting many unwanted things  .   the phone doesnt work it got stuck after a week . great device  . love love love it! came 4 days ahead of schedule .no problem so far . dun ask me why! just love it  .   great price and great speed .   its so good  .   great phone, i got my iphone in 3 days like new . i really recommend this sheller . great product! exactly as advertised . excellent phone and excellent customer service from ragstorichs . great  . great :) . excellent phone .   they are a bunch of rip off  .   it is good to use on middle east countries,it works just fine  .   phone is great does more than i expected  . all good  .   great phone  .   love this phone . great phone, switched from regular 6 to 6 plus and love it . i have fairly large hands but definitely need two hands in most cases to use this phone  .   it's very good  . excellent  .   definitely it's working in venezuela and perfect! the box come sealed and the iphone 6 working very good ! thanks a lot  .   love it  .   love it  .   i love this phone i have nothing to complain about . very good phone . very good phone . perfect! and fast delivery . much improvement over my iphone 4  .   i love it, it works with verizon and there were no scratches or dents on it and everything worked perfectly  .   excellent product .   fast delivery   .   awesome product . i like it thanks , my phone work very well in venezuela . i love my iphone 6 plus it took some time getting here which was very aggravating  .   but over all it's a very good phone  .   fast delivery . good response . no issues so far  .   nice phone  .   highly recommended this phone, i loved  . reiceved my phone packaged safely and securely as expected and i love love love it wonderful phone to have . very pleased with the phone, however the sim card removal tool was missing . thank you . this phone really works well in all respects .   very bad phone, not brand new  .   it's a damn iphone no review needed . it's great  .   the best smartphone ever  .   excellent seller all as agreed upon , and correpondia the product description , i recommend . fast shipping ,very good iphone . nice phone everything i was looking for   . fast shipping! highly recommended . finally the comfort and reliability of an iphone in the size that i always wanted! it's about time apple puts this phone out! i love it; touch id can be a little spotty but you just have to mind how you hold your fingers . if you like a big phone but your a snobby apple user like myself then you will be quite pleased  .   excellent product . great phone, very fast, huge screen, amazing battery life! i can go 80 hours listening to mp3s or 14 hours watching videos! coming from a samsung/android fanboy   .   i love it  .   so great   . awesome phone with extended battery life . i'm disappointed because that was a christmas gift  . the phone is great, easy to work with and comfortable in my hand  .   no problems with shipping  . love it! thank you so much . quick shipping and very responsive to all questions . phone works great . great i love it . i really like my iphone 6 plus . i also would like to mention that amazon made a mistake not mentioned that it would take them 2 business days for verification process after i bought my iphone 6 plus . at the begging they were trying to shift the responsibility somewhere else, but after i talked to one of the top managers who was very helpful and agreed that amazon should make it clear that whenever you buy something that cost more than $700 or $1000 or whatever amount, they will have to do the verification process which will take up to 2 business days . anyway, that top manager at amazon made it very easy for me . he got me an express mail that solved the whole problem, but i was on the phone for about an hour to reach that powerful manager . that is just advice and sharing experience for whom are willing to buy it through amazon  . apple had a hard time figuring out how the seller got a hold of this particular model (some unusual features) and advised they are unsure if adding an verizon sim card will work . not happy  . highly recommend them . just as good as new, but much cheaper . very happy with it  .   my daughter loves this phone,thanks .   not entirely, the camera has scratches and ruins most pictures . everything else works but they should have mentioned that the camera not as great . the phone arrive in excellent condition--new and in its original packaging . got to me super fast! i absolutely love it  .   and will be ordering again pretty soon  .   very high quality product, fast shipping and competitive pricing .   my iphone works perfectly and looks perfect also! would recommend this seller to anyone . very satisfied with product  . fast shipping and nice phone  .   i love the iphone 6 plus, working well and offering more gb than my previous 16 one! love it! thanks, evelyne . i like the phone and it came in fast . it comes with earphones and charger and it works perfectly . i highly recommend this company and the iphone 6 . the battery still needs a lot of charging, but i'm sure i can remedy that by turning down the brightness and such  .   good phone, nice big screen, very sharp resolution . it was a great gift for my father . it failed after exactly 31 days (amazon accepts returns up to 30 days) . thankfully the customer service is great and they still gave me a refund . tl;dr good product in general but do not buy refurbished from amazon, . works well . very easy to set up . battery life is good, screen is great - easy to read for an older pair of eyes like mine . i am very happy with the purchase  . they rip me off  . all perfect  . this is the best phone i have ver used . i really love it  .   damaged product . what can i say? how can you go wrong with apple  . great phone! shipped in the time it should have . thank you . amazing phone . i'm so happy with this deal . nice smartphone . great purchase . works as expected and we love it  . love it . best regards . i love this phone so much! it even arrived way sooner than expected  . great deal .   at first i had issues because the phone sid not recognized my old sim card . however after i replaced the sim with a new one the phone worked flawlessly . very happy with the purchase . defective phone . works only for two days . phone is flickering and the screen doesn't responding . poor customer service .   excellent  .   looks new, works great  .   its a great phone . like it . its really good i have it right now . good product  .   great apple phone . great battery lasts for 2 days . touch sensor very sensitive to wet fingers - can't recognize . big screen is amazing . cellular sensivity better than in 5c . great phone   .   great phone . it had a bump when i got it so feel bad . i'm so happy with my new iphone . thank you very much  .   one of my best buy . very very bad purchase experience for this product  . excellent product  .   great product, will purchase from this vendor again  .   fast shipping and the product looks amazing  .   phone looked great  . everything was packaged beautifully and even came with headphones and a charger  .   good product . i was skeptical at first about buying a refurb from an online store, but the price was great . this has honestly been the best phone i've ever owned . great condition .   thanks for an awesome phone  . good condition except a scratch  .   excellent device! great seller - recommended  .   very disappointed to spend that much money and not receive what i paid for  .   the item exceeded my expectations  . really love the look and feel of this phone . very pleased with the seller .   the phone is a bit slower than the regular phones . but satisfied for the price . i t have some dents on the top and bottom but i never read them on the description . it is an awesome device! just as advertised  .   so excited about my new phone .   i must say i'm very happy with my phone thanks for everything guys at next  . great product  . :-) great phone  . i received the phone with wrong color  .   very easy nice clear screen very happy with apple . good  . works great! as expected  .   excelent product . love my new phone . clean phone i like it thanks . i am very happy with this phone, before buying it i ask him to send me photos and he did right away and told me the phone is in great condition and it was a lie cause the phone is in perfect condition 10/10 . everything in the original box is brand new and no marks on the phone and i got a free case worth $48usd . i really got a steal of a deal . the best  .   it works great  .   works great . it is so hot i love it . great phone  .   excellent phone, as expected . worked with no issue  .   great divice,but you have to make sure to contact with seller before to buy because they make errors of describing the divice as example (this is not the iphone 6 plus ;it's the iphone 6 4 .but i'm satisfied with this size . i love my iphone 6 plus . very nice phone, four star, because of the obvious problem of iphones, i can't send things to android phone via bluetooth, i can't password protect sms, whatsapp (this type of protection is crucial), i have to use the password or fingerprint to lock entire phone, this is not what most want . superb screen . to quote don corelone "keep your enemies close, and your iphone 6+ closer!" . the iphone arrived on time i am very happy with the unit . it arrived in a flash and works well . i love the larger size although i was reluctant at first . i can read books on it with ease so i don't have to carry my ipad with me when i'm waiting for appointments . the photos are superior  .   phone arrived in great shape . best buy ever  .   great phone  .   excellent choice . i bought this for someone but i would love to get one for myself, that is how much i value this particular phone . nice and fast deal  . receive a wrong item, . delivery was excellent  . impressed by the camera . great deal and my friend in europe loved the gift  .   works perfect . arrived on time, no visible damages for refurbished product  .   love my device .   not sure if the unlocked feature was worth the money, but the phone itself rocks . i took the sim card out of my iphone 5 and stuck it into this phone and it was up and running . i have replaced my ipad and iphone 5 with this thing and am happy as can be . not complaints so far- you must have a case for this phone as it tends to be slippery  . i hope he is like it  . good choice .   quick response to the mails with accuracy and the phone is working fine as of now . everything in its right place .   awesome phone! best one i ever had . the phone was exactly as described, seller also did expedited shipping, for free  .   great phone . not a scratch on it, simple to set up .   my phone not working now apple say there is wire in side cut is manufacture wrong please can you help me to fix the phone . amazing products  .   the iphone 6 plus is the best cellphone on the market, nothing to complain about it  .   shipping was a month faster than estimated! came with two minor scratches on the screen . i can't even see them with the screen on so no big deal . so far so good! i love the huge screen  .   as much as i expected it to be - works well for me  .but the phone size is to big  .   i'm pleased with my iphone 6 plus (unlocked) which is up and running . it is wonderful to have a telephone which is aso a versatile tablet computer . i am a little nervous about its fragility and have bought one of the stronger cases on the market to protect it . the large size of the iphone 6plus seems to have an unexpected advantage -- it can pick up phone signals more easily in bad reception areas than small devices . some of the software interfaces less well with my macbook and ipads than i had expected -- contacts in particular, which worked seamlessly between mac and tablets -- don't work with iphone for reasons i cannot work out . i am using this iphone ont he edge of europe, and (on the basis of what i had read on the net) was nervous about whether the 4g technology would work in a distinctly non-4g non-lte environment . hiccups have been getting sms messages to come in -- achieved with a bit of guidance from the net . but on a transcontinental flight, the 6plus was the perfect companion and inflight entertainment centre . if any thing the overall performance is better than i expected -- and at the price i paid for a 128gb model i expected a lot .   great iphone . it is very good, and i like it  . great phone . it is hard to use with one hand unless you have very large hands .   after one month using the cellphone my cellphone became whit some problems the battery is not working well  . the firsts 2 weeks was perfect duration of the battery was all the day now it's 4 hours . love this phone . i just bought a month, home button failure can not be used, just take the apple store to be repaired . great buy will buy from again . it gave my wife and she is super happy, it is a very good phone, it's like a computer, i mean you do not need laptop or ipad is very full, so we brought ecuador and works perfectly with a local operator . excellent phone in excellent use . the phone was great but not unlocked and still under contract according to the carrier . i love iphones! this phone is a great piece of technology . i recommend getting it  .   1 day delivery delayed but well worth . its kind of big when we talk about iphone the size is very big but the phone is ow some  .   excellent i like . it works awesome  .   nice phone and it really looks new as advertised  .   thoroughly enjoyable buying experience and i could not be more pleased with my purchase  .   excelent  . i love this phone . excellent  . i have vision problems and everything is larger . phone was factory fresh  . the phone in general is fine, however i only have 114gb of space available to me .   very nice '''' . i love it . a lot of great features all in one . i am enjoying my iphone  .   brilliant - everything you can expect from apple  . good  . as expected, huge, ackward at fisrt but outstanding overall . excellent phone, have't had any problem . love this phone so much  . apple product its great what can i say . phone is simple but great to use for social media and enjoying music . the only issue is it is kind expensive  .   really great phone . very nice phone . i upgraded from the iphone 4s . the larger size of the 6 plus is perfect for surfing the web etc . the phone is a natural fit in the palm of your hand and ios8 despite the little glitches (which are being fixed) is a real improvement . love it  . probably a stolen phone from somebody . worst deal ever  .   bought from apple express electronics and was satisfied with the promptness and courtesy of the seller . item arrived new and sealed, as advertised! came with a verizon sim but hey, i'm glad the iphone comes with cdma and gsm antennas, so activating with at&t was as easy as sticking in the respective sin and going through the usual activation process . i do look at it in comparison with other phablets and think that apple should rethink the top part to make the phone slightly shorter (maybe placing the front camera, the sensor and speaker all in a raw) or maybe rethinking the internal arrangement of parts . other than size it is a very nice and slick looking device . although true, it is slim enough and the back (although probably inspired by the htc m8) makes it look like a very premium phone . i personally miss the glass back of the iphone 4 and 4s but can probably understand that said choice is more prone to cracked phones . however, i can say that it provides a very smooth experience going from one page to another, opening and exiting apps and accessing the control center and notification menu . yet the iphone works with what it has and works really good .  but i think the phone should be at least $50 cheaper for all models! ios is simple and works well i a big phone . i wished it had home screen widgets and more customization options other folders but ios isn't a broke os . it works fine all around . i like finally being able to rotate my phone on the home screen (although a minor detail to some, it is more than welcomed and i think should be on all ios devices) . the bigger screen makes it easier for me to tipe and enjoy stuff in safari or other apps that are customized forbthebiphone 6 pkus . it's a good, solid phone! recommend if you like simplicity and reliability, although warranted with a higher price tag  .   great phone, it has a great and high resolution screen . the camera has an excellent performance  .   i love it   .   amazing phone ever by apple  .   the iphone 6 plus arrived on-time and in perfect condition as stated . it was just like purchasing directly from apple which is what any purchaser would want for such a pricey item . very pleased with the seller and would purchase again from this seller  . she complained at first at how big and complicated it seemed, but she uses it now nonstop and things she used to use my old ipad to do is all done on her phone . it's been almost a year and the battery still lasts long and as it's a google phone still gets updates! really impressed and may move myself from the samsung to this if a newer model is available cheap  .   still getting used to how big it is  .  definitely going with a smaller phone next time around . the camera is awesome, over all a great phone . just big  .   best phone i,ve ever owned battery life is not so great because of huge screen though . it is a great phone for my research works . i bought this phone in an emergency situation (accidentally broke my note 3 and was in desperate need of a new phone of similar size), so i wasn't in a position to take all of its features and setbacks into account . at first, i was satisfied with it--it did all the functions that i needed it to do plus some . however, the more i used it over time, the more i began to see its flaws and the more flaws it started to develop . it doesn't seem to be too happy when a handful of apps are being used simultaneously as many of my apps (especially snapchat and facebook) crash constantly . sometimes the whole phone just crashes and restarts for whatever reason . there are times when it overheats to the point where i have to stick it in my freezer for 5 minutes to let it cool down . the phone does what i need for it to do, but being the impatient person that i am, i easily get frustrated over its inability to cope with higher-than-average usage . with that, i'm pretty certain i won't be buying a nexus after i'm done with this one . i'm trying to eke it out for two years to make it somewhat worth the purchase, and its two years are almost up (thank goodness)  .   google slowly wants to forget about the nexus 6 . when it was new it was the best android phone on the market . even when the 6p was out, nexus 6 was still among the best  .   extremely happy with this phone! thank you! it arrived in perfect and brand new condition  .   good job . warranty) (discontinued by manufacturer) integrity - not seller stated “very good condition – refurbished phone” the speaker/ringer is completely blown and sounds so muffed it gives me a headache . the sad thing is - i found out after i spent hours setting up and transferring everything from my old smartphone including getting a new sim card . very upset plan on returning . i recently purchased this cell after breaking my note4 . i am very impressed by the stock android experience . very easy to setup with verizon and instantly updated to 7 . if you are like me a heavy cell user you can expect 5 hours of use before a quick charge  . best phone i have ever owned . feels like a flagship phone for half the cost  .   impressive phone for the price . love the huge screen  . gave as a gift- reported great  . i bought the nexus 5x and i am very happy  . it said it works on all networks, which it seems to, but it doesn't automatically choose the correct network or automatically put all the information in for the apn, etc . took a while to figure that out and then manually enter everything, and i would have liked the color i ordered, but as of last night it's working . will see how it does over the coming days to say if i like all the features or not  .   the problem with this phone is it's very slippery . this was my 3rd nexus now i'm wary of the brand  .   probably my most favorite phone of all time -- but remember, it's friggin' huge . i scored this phone on black friday for $200 -- it was like winning the lottery . the camera could be faster but i've seen improvements with every android update . i'd say the camera is just as good as my wife's iphone 6 . her camera is a bit faster but we've taken photos of the same thing and the photos are very comparable -- though her camera is much faster . the fast charger that it comes with works real well to keep me going through out the day . i wish it had a sd card slot -- probably the worst part of the phone . but i simply drag photos off the phone by plugging into any pc and i can still access photos with my gmail account no problem . better options available  .   new phone, discontinued at half the going price when it was new . unlocked so you can dump your carrier if they get too expensive or in my case had poor coverage where i needed the phone to function 100% .   the speed of opening websites, opening and playing games like asphalt 8 airborne, downloading (apps, songs, and videos is awesome . the dual led flashlights creates envy . soccer this phone is old, accessories for it are pretty cheap . but this phone is terribly hard to see on a sunny day outside . this phone's speed surprised the t-mobile sales rep! i used there slowest wi-fi and he still was amazed! oh, i did not see any cosmetic damage on screen nor body  .   very pleased with this phone . glad it has wireless charging . works well on android 7 . phone's screen was broken easy .i just dropped from the desk once and the screen was totally crashed and system was going dead . warranty never cover broken screen . hate this phone . had so many problems since purchase . i sent my phone back for replacement/repair 4 times every time have to wait for a month or so to get it back(i hope you have a spare one) and then new one would glitch or stop working within the month . absolutely terrible experience  .   unreal how great this phone is, still to this day, and how cheap it is . coupled with how great this phone is and how unimpressed i am with the pixel . things i love -ui is butter . -turbo charge with surprisingly adequate battery life . -the slight cylindrical bend in back makes it much more rugged and does well for the phone . mminor critiques noticed that it can get hot pretty fast, but hasn't had any hindrance for my use over the year i've had it . main camera is top notch for videos . foreign phone users struggle to take good pictures with it . slightly frustrating, but i've gotten some incredible photos from this camera  . love its function and appearance . it is really nice  . i have tried all the tricks i could find on various nexus 6 forums to improve stability, all in vain . sad, i had better opinion of both google and motorola (actual manufacturer) quality after owning nexus 5 (made by lg, great manufacturer) for many years  .   speakers made a buzzing noise first day of use . props to amazon warehouse for making returns easy and simple  .   love it  .   been using it since january,2016, this phone is very easy to use, always gets the newest updates the quickest . it feels big at first but after few month when you get use to it, it makes any smaller screen difficult to look at  .   came absolutely new! i was expecting less and got more! that's why i love amazon prime! the unit came in its original box, with everything still in its original unopened packagings . the nexus's box was opened with a small crush on one corner but other than that it was "brand new" in its original packaging . works great as all nexus devices do and amazon as always comes through . always great products! jimr . really good  .   i love it . amazing phone  .   i've had iphones, droid turbo, htc's, lg's and this is the best by far . great big screen and fast processor . no bloatware came installed and it fired right up with verizon when i put my sim card in  .   ok, i loved the phone, but the unit i got i am pretty sure was refurbished . it had some scratching just left of the usb port like that is where they had pried to lift the screen out . and the wireless charging did not work at all(another i had ordered worked fine) . i love buying from amazon, such good customer service .'motorola nexus 6 xt1103 32gb 3g/4g lte unlocked factory-sim free (midnight blue) . excellent have used it for a while now came with a case .runs fast and huge memory . awesome phone, decent price . got to alaska reasonably fast  . good buy . still an excellent phone in 2016  .   almost going on a year and i'm loving my nexus - dropped a billion times and still no cracks or damage to the phone itself thanks to the combo protection of: 1 .26mm) the screen protector has done it's job and i figured it's time to replace it as, even thought it wears (pun yeah?) it's battle scars well, it's earned it's well-deserved rest . these things slightly annoy me about the phone: (but nothing i can't obviously live with) -i notice that the phone overheats for a few days after a software update is loaded -there's no way to get rid of the app button from the bottom tab -apps will take on a life of their own sometimes and will themselves open without any prompting but i stll wuv you nexus! :) . for the price i purchased it ($200 on black friday 2015), the 32gb nexus 6 is by far the best value i've gotten in a smart phone . as has been widely mentioned, the phone is massive, but it's not as unwieldy as some make it seem . after owning both the first and second generation moto x before this, i can say that the curved back design they all share is more annoying the larger the phone . whereas the 1st gen x felt incredible in the hand, this one is too large for the curve to provide much ergonomic benefit . when i place it on qi wireless charging plates, it seems to take some getting used to the right placement, and the device will slide off with the lightest of touches . that being said, the battery life is easily the best i've gotten in a smartphone . the speakers aren't excellent by any means, but they are well ahead of the pack simply by being on the front of the phone and being stereo . the display is generally good, though i've noticed that part of the display seems a bit lighter than the rest when displaying uniform, mostly dark screens . only a mild annoyance, since there aren't many screens like that, and doesn't affect use . by far my biggest gripe/negative of the n6 is the camera(s) . the front-facing camera is grainy and extremely poor in low-light . the rear camera can take some excellent shots in decent lighting, but it is soo slow . the image processing is slow (even w/ hdr off), the shutter lags horribly, even the viewfinder lags  .   and it's only gotten worse as time has gone on .   great product . it was in super good condition  .   best phone i ever had, had for a year now . awesome phone but it comes with a factory defect .   most impressed by this phone . this old phone ( nexus 6) still works like new even-though i bought it used in may . android upgrade to marshmallow came through like a breeze . the screen is clear and the battery life seems to get better with the upgrades to the system . nice job goggle  . it is user friendly, operating system is fast, the phone itself is big with a good size screen but light and after more than one year of using it it is still functioning good  .   i love this phone . i used nexus 5 for 3 years and upgraded it to nexus 6 today  .   this piece is awesome  .   this is an excellent phone (at least if your a bigger dude with a bigger hand to hold this beast) 3gb of ram, 32gb of internal & quad core, its almost perfect, only thing i wish it hand was a microsd slot but oh well  .   otherwise its an excellent device with a little tweaking with the nexus toolkit the skys the limit  .   its so much better with a custom rom of purenexus & you can add what you wants its a smooth ride  .   its gets alittle warm so unplug it an let it cool a bit before i start putzing around   . the screen size is actually bigger than most of the other 6 inch phones, which was one of main things i was looking for . the ability to unlock the bootloader in order to flash factory images and roms is another big plus . this is true about all nexus phones, but the difference is that the nexus 6 is the biggest one available (yes, bigger than the 6p) . i have been using this phone for about a year and have no complaints, and you can't do much better than the current price point . i am 6 ft tall and have no problem holding the phone with one hand . shorter people with small hands might have an issue with this . it's not as pretty as some of the other phones, which contributes to why it isn't as popular, but it wins where it counts  . works greats, gets updates, and looks like new . unfortunately due to the limited protection of tempered glass screen protectors for this device, my phone fell from a height of about 2 feet and landed directly on the smallest strip of glass on the screen: the bit above the top speaker, and the screen has broken in that small section, spidering out a single crack towards the device's edge . to limit further damage, i've opted to relegate the 6 to tablet status, and bought a 6p . it wasn't because of my issues with the device, i just would prefer to prevent any more unsightly cracks, particularly across the actual used screen surface . so future owners, be wary of this area . my device was in a case, with tempered glass, and i still ran into some bad luck and cracked the screen . the n6 runs smoothly, nearly as good as the day i first used it nearly a year ago . stock android is obviously a huge selling point for the nexus line, and it's the best android experience you can get . the screen is the best part about this beast . it's geared towards media usage, and it's the best experience thus far with a device of this type i've had . the speakers are the second best part, both are front facing and both have amazing sound . the volume levels are a bit wonky, as they are using headphones as well, but those are fairly small issues that shouldn't prevent any buyers from getting this if it's discounted even more . the nougat features would make this an even better experience when the issues are ironed out and the final version of the os rolls out . battery time is great when the screen isn't on, and i've had so-so results with my screen on time . it may be an issue with my device, but considering how massive it is and the fact that ambient display is the default notification option, you kind of expect "meh" results .) rooting and installing greenify and light flow, where you can boost battery life a bit more with some tweaks . and since i'm on the subject of light flow, the fact that the notification light (yes, there is one and its hidden under the top speaker) is deactivated on the device is ridiculous . you need root functionality to gain use of it, but why should you have to do that to use it? that's probably my biggest gripe with the n6 . all in all, i'd still recommend this device as a daily device, and would have still been mine if not for some poor circumstances and luck . you won't regret it . edit: 10/10/16 flashed the n6 nougat factory image on the phone, and my gosh, does it work seamlessly . after the update, i love this phone even more  .   this phone it was like new condition and the phone is super fast . i like it's pure android without bloatwared i would buy from the same seller again  .   this is a good deal if you can get it for < $200 as of 9/2016 . even the top budget phone right now moto g4 is worse than this and costs the same . other phones can cost 200, but these have the advantage of sprint compatibility, which means dirt cheap, great coverage service if you use mvnos like tello . it is fast and runs most games well but it does have a problem of touchscreen malfunctioning after playing for a long time and needs a restart to fix it . at first i was worried the huge size would be bad, but it actually doesn't feel bulky . i don't experience the encryption lag that people mention, maybe because of android updates  .   love having a stock android device with a large screen! came with warranty too  . it's the pure android experience, and its performance is unparalleled . as a plus, the battery lasts forever and the battery saver mode can last a really long time  .   great phone, the screen size and resolution is great . if you like phone with clean os without annoying pre installed apps and access to latest android updates this is the right phone for you . great battery life cons the wake up button is hard to press . don't care about any of that? still a great phone . the 6 inch screen gives plenty of real estate to work with, and the default software is not bloated by carrier and manufacturer apps  .   works as described . what i do like about this handset, is the mighty display . the dual front facing stereo speakers i love, and sound very crisp and clear, compared to a single mono rear facing speaker on most phones . also includes dual led ring flash which is a fantastic bonus . the camera is not the best but significantly better than average as it can record 4k at 30 frames per second, most cameras still use 1080p . the exclusion of a sd card slot is may be a negative to other people but not me . another advantage is that this is a nexus device, pure vanilla android at its finest and the first in-line to receive android updates . to finally wrap my review up, this handset is a fantastic device . i love it and is now my daily driver . anyone wanting a new but budget device that can compete with other players, get the nexus 6 as nothing else comes close right now  .   my favorite phone  .   phone came on time as promised, and appeared to be in good condition . i've tried several different cables, including ones that work on my wife's android phone, and none will charge this phone . i'm very frustrated and upset . this seller had great reviews so i trusted them and purchased the phone, but beware of buying phones that appear to be in good working order when in all reality they are faulty  .   best phone ever  . it is pretty great, especially for that price . the 1440p screen is beautiful and the camera beats out the cameras on other phones of similar pricing  .   i will buy this phone, again and again, this same phone i​ love this phone   .   bought it from an amazon warehouse deal; phone came brand new for $200 with only damage to the box . it's a great phone, i love the 2k amoled screen . due to the way the edges are, be careful if you are going to use a tempered glass screen protector, mine did the "holo effect" and has a small air pocket all the way around the screen . for those looking for a suggested rom, i am using the newest cm13 nightly and it works a treat  .   i haven't been using smart phones for very long, and only started using android a year or so ago, but i will never buy another phone that isn't a nexus phone . the vanilla android coupled with regular updates and extensive support makes this a treat to own . the specs on this phone are very good, even 2 years into it there is nothing out there worth trading up for  .   i have used this phone for over a year, no problems ever, i can honestly say this is by far the best phone i have ever owned . i love this phone  .   great phone with latest android os and updates keeps on coming . used items arrived looking like new, with all the manuals and corresponding paperwork  .   great phone, love it . fast deliver and excellent service by amazon  . i have dropped the phone numerous times and have not noticed any scratches or cracks on the screen . user interface is snappy and intuitive . awesome phone  .   better than any other mobile phone i ever used  .   best  .   the most amazing phone i have ever owned . just upgraded to 7 .   best phone ever for such a price! - 6 inch amoled quadhd - quad-core 2 . bought it recently, this has replaced my samsung galaxy s5 and i don't miss my s5 anymore . love the ease of use, battery life, big screen and no bloatware aspect keeps me happy  .   big screen and nice product ''''thin i love it  .   best phone i bought and stock android pros large screen that's is beautiful to look at no bloatware since it's a nexus easy to unlock, root, backup battery life relatively thin consider it's a large phone grippy stock backcover price is right cons heavy not a one hand device unless you are ivo karlovic not waterproof . love the size and the fact that it is still motorola i actually picked this phone for both of those reasons . being unfamiliar with the newer 6p manufacturing, i was under the impression that this phone used the new c-type charging cords how ever this is not the case .   amazing phone for the price . beautiful screen that is very large but a good kind of large . it has the all the coolest features like turbo and wireless charging . build quality and thinness are amazing and the curved back is comfortable to hold . recently cracked my screen so my phone is no longer waterproof and most companies are charging 150+ to replace it . the camera is amazing too and shoots beautiful video but under performs in low light . my only problem is with the battery, i tend to get 4 hours on time with it and less when i use more intense apps  .   first time i got this phone, everything was gorgeous but the screen didn't work . returned it and got a new one and it's the bomb  . lol nice touch .   i'm one of those weirdos that prefer the original packaging  . had this phone for over 2 years and now after cracking the display i've decided to leave a review for the this :) will start with the best - i bought it at a great deal, so the price was 1st good thing about this phone . the second thing which i loved the most is the display - 6" of high resolution . lte - is a common thing already, however for this one i would like to highlight that this is the first device which never had network issues: no signal loss and a constant internet speed, no matter how weak was the 4g coverage . another quality which i'd like to remark is the screen durability: i'm not the most accurate person and have a small kid which borrows the phone to watch cartoons on it . no visible scratches were present on the screen, even after 2 years of usage . the screen cracked after it fell from 3rd floor(to mention here, that even after that the phone is fully functional and the touchscreen works as well:)) one more thing to like it for - being a nexus phone, means to have a clean android, which is a great plus for me . as for the things i don't like about this phone - 1 hand usage is not possible for texting and other things which needs you to get to other part of the screen . another one is the camera - low light pictures are really bad :( and of course the battery - you have to play with the phone settings if you want to have it for 2 days in one charge . for me 32gb of storage was more than enough, but for people who takes 4k video(another good quality which i forgot to mention) the storage of 32gb would get full in less than 1 week . pros: - beautiful hardware - high-res display - great performance - android lollipop - reasonably priced for what it is cons: - battery life is average at best - not great for one-handed use - camera stumbles with low-light shots - no slot for sd card . the phone has amazing battery life . i love the phone . i dont have any complaints so far regarding the phone  . i absolutely loved it and had the biggest screen on the market for a time . it has great quality graphics . it works so well with all my apps . never reboots like my older phones . pretty fast processor  .   great product . this is a great phone honestly  .   great phone at a great price . still a solid phone years after it came out . works great .   1 year after and still work fine . i buy it for my wife but looks like a pretty great phone, with all the upgrades from android at first hand . and you can play games without freezing the screen . also the camera open pretty quick, and the camera have hdr so the pictures are really cool, i mean capture great detail even in dark scenarios . i think is a great phone, with a really good performance for those who like to play games in the cellphone and have a lot of apps  . the biggest for me was that i could not get it to work on t-mobiles lte . even though i returned it, i am sad to have it go . it's similar, but newer and just a little smaller  .   is a really good phone but i can not connect to my home internet so i have to use more mobile data  . it was a great move because the nexus 5 is very fragile ( power button) .   love this phone, can't believe i got it for this price! good battery life, crisp screen to watch movies on and play games, doesn't really overheat . charges really fast if you use the charger  .0 nougat as soon as the factory image for this phone is readily available straight from google via firmware uploading hooked up to my homebuilt computer via usb  .   excellent phone . 32gb enough for everything, even a whole mp4 movie! monthly updates since over a year . lots of ram, keeps it running no matter how big fatbook gets  .   great phone all around  .   gifted to my sister in india, works smooth . no issues in an year of usage  .   so quick and great memory  .   the phone was in a very good condition, better than i expected . i love this phone .   very pleased with his phone  .   love this phone! still getting monthly security updates despite this being a 2014 model .   this may be the last really great american made phone for google . the sad truth is it isn't being produced by motorola at this time . we need more great products like this that are produced here to create jobs for economy  . unhappy with this purchase .   i had to return it because it would not work with my carrier for phone calls (which was a strange anomaly) . despite a few issues with their technical team, management was very receptive and came through in the end for the refund . impressed  .   i've had this phone for about some time now, i can't say i love it but it's a nice phone for the price . the only problem that i ran into was the earpiece went out on mine, other than that it's a decent phone  .   nexus 6 and project fi, perfect together  .   i bought this phone to replace my previous xperia z3 which broke and wasn't worth fixing . size: this is definitely the biggest phone i have ever used, one more inch and it would be considered a tablet . although it is much bigger than my m9 and z3, it is only slightly bigger than the oneplus one . i have medium sized hands and didn't have any issues with carrying the phone . i was able to use it with one hand without too much trouble which was unexpected . screen: in my opinion, the nexus 6 had the best colors of the phones with its amoled . with the 1440p screen, it was impossible for me to see the pixels, even when putting it right in front of my eyes . this would probably be good for vr if a compatible headset was used (i have a cardboard that supports 6 inch phones, but it didn't work right) performance: the nexus 6 has good performance . it should perform better than the oneplus one and the z3 which are from the same generation . sadly, i do issues with navigation of the operating system where it seems to slow down . it wasn't anything special, but isn't terrible either . the external speakers were better than my z3 and oneplus one . with headphones, it is decent as well . it is definitely better than the z3 which suffered from very low volumes . battery life: the battery life was pretty good . it wasn't as good as the z3 or oneplus one, but was much better than the m9 . build quality: the phone seems to be built like it can withstand a few falls . overall, i was satisfied with the phone . my only issue with it was the non-smooth navigation i was having, and the audio from the headphones (once you start using the m8/m9 to listen to music, the other phones start sounding worse) . i would recommend this phone to people who are looking for a "phablet . very reasonable   .   good quality . i was nervous that i would get an international version after reading some of the reviews . luckily mobilespree did send a model xt1103 that worked flawlessly with lte .1 marshmallow! there were no major scratches on the screen (had to look really really hard to see any!) . i put a screen protector & case on it so my phone looks good as new! awesome deal especially if you are happier saving $$$ instead of spending a small fortune on a phone .   very fast phone . colors are great though on the warmer side . if you want a phone without a lag that does some fast processing, this is it . camera is good in daylight . over all, not too impressed with the result of the camera . battery life is awesome  . phone is on the heavier side for some, to me it is great and it fits perfect in my hands . i love the screen size . i can never imagine a phone with a screen size smaller than this  . i love the simplicity and speed of the un-skinned os but do miss some of the simple features that some skins can offer may offer . nova launcher helped a great deal to give me most of the customization's i want . pro - call quality is top notch the speakers are load and clear great for podcasts and even music . the camera while not stellar is quite serviceable and easy to use outdoor video is great great color saturation a black levels on the screen always has the latest android updates con - terrible sunlight legibility colors may not be accurate enough for the visual pro user no sdcard expansion i find the usb port flaky don't waste your money on the 32gb model unless you never shoot video, save pictures and don't install games . still a winner, even after is been discontinued  .   was one of the best phones i ever had, until lolipop upgrade (oficial, non rooted phone), since then wifi starts to fail time to time (it hangs turning on) for some months just turning off the phone and on again solves the problem, later just hang showing a bogus mac address 02:00:00:00:00:00:00:00 as the problem was generated by an official software upgrade i've contacted motorola an google, both wash their hands and do not provide any solution . but it never works well again  .   i've had this phone for more than a year i couldn't have asked for a better one the only thing i could ask for would be maybe more cases made for it but i know that's not the manufacturings problem but 10 out of 10 have recommended  . great phone for the price   .  no real issues as yet   .   very good big phone . i am using my nexus 6 half year and still very happy with it . i love it  .   cool cellphone, too big but for me that's good . batery longs for all the day, the only complaint i have is when the cellphone enters in a battery saver mode, the cellphone starts to respond very slow, but that i think is more related of android version i'm using(android 6) . very happy with my change from blackberry passport to this, plus added bonus of google project fi, $20 per month for unlimited talk and text and 1 gb data for $10, what you don't use you get a credit for the next month to lower your bill . project fi actively seeks out and use wifi first choice to lower your data usage plus has the ability to use three to four cellular carriers so shouldn't ever be any dead zones as far as cellular . only three google phones have this option, which by the way will pay for two nexus 6's in about 14 months! the screen size is great, camera is great  .   great quality, near perfect condition, . the platform is great, but if the screen cracks be prepared to spend lots of money to replace it .   awesome phone! everything works great . best phone i have ever had  .   i love it . love this phone, second time purchasing it lol . good  . that came in handy when i used it to open the manual for a 1950's sicklebar mower and needed a clear view of an exploded assembly diagram  . decent battery life, astounding screen . can't sing the praises enough  .   had this phone since january and it just decides to turn off whenever it wants,i literally will be listening to music and it will just shut off for no good reason .   after a month of owning this phone , i am finding it to be a great big mistake . everything fails -$ 300 .00 down the drain  .   great phone overall . i loved the experience of android pure and this phone is great . i didn't experience any problems holding the phone and it has enough acres to type which makes it easy to type and click things . the only problem i had was that when i was using the phone, it all of a sudden started being stuck tapping on the left up and down the screen  . a bit outdated now, but otherwise great cell  .   poor battery life  .   these phones are junk and super breakable . this is the 3rd one i've purchased and the screen randomly flickers and has lines across it . i doubt it'll last long and i really wish project fi worked with iphones  . fast shipping . they totally didn't lie about the quality . so i restart my phone at least 5 times a day on my way to work (15 miles) and back to home . that is a phone problem not a carrier problem .   the quality and construction of the gorrila glass, tapped on screen and it cracked and startled me so dropped and hit my foot and then completely spider webbed . hopefully this was just a freak incident and the problem will be resolved  .   works well . last update from google messed up the signal for lte so had a few days without service . the camera is average for pictures, not that good for low light shots . video is sub par, the continuous autofocus is bad, blurs out too much  .   like new and with all the accesories  .   i had the same one before and loved it .5" idol 3, which is a great phone, but my current carrier could not support wifi calling (cricket) and my cell signal in my home was nonexistent most of the time .this solves both problems at the same time and at a lower cost than an mvno . the phone is not only very attractive, it arrived in great condition . while the idol 3 is only very lightly "oem skinned", the nexus 6 is pure android and is pretty much guaranteed to get those monthly google security updates as well as system upgrades immediately for at least the next year . the qualcomm 805 chipset is very fast and the amoled display quite good with a 490ppi . the audio is very good with dual front facing speakers-although not as loud as the idol 3 jbl audio speakers, yet acceptably loud . camera is not top of the line, but better than a lot of more expensive phones sold new and more than acceptable results . for the price of $220 i'm more than happy  .   love it  .   great value phone now! nexus phones hold up very well  .   love the clean android experience  .   highly recommended  .   (the only thing i will say is that the front facing camera can sometimes take some pretty ugly photos  .   it's a lighting problem for what i can tell  .  ) but besides that, it's awesome  .   camera didn't work,, returned it for full refund  .   nice but has issues . i've had this phone for a year now (replaced a broken screen version) and it's nice . the screen is big and sharp, however this phone has issues with the camera . despite being on the latest android n build, the camera is still slow and buggy . the pro's are its a nexus so you get google updates right away, but if you are a camera lover i'd stay away from this model and go with the newer nexus phone  .   pros: giant screen, stock android, multiple carrier support (including project fi), monthly security updates, quick charging, front facing dual speakers, android n developer preview is supported on this phone con: no fingerprint reader, mid range battery life, no usb type c . my son loves it  .   great picture and pure android  .   i'd have to say this is the best phone i've ever owned . the g2 was also a great phone but lack of support finally pushed me to a nexus . it's stock android and works as is . also the fact that google pushes monthly security updates is a huge plus as well  .   gorgeous but big (depending on your liking), good camera and ofc the best is software upgrades and support  . the g was starting to get sluggish (though for the most part, was performing reasonably well) . the nexus 6 was even better than i expected (my personal phone is a nexus 6p, which i love) . to anyone who likes (or doesn't mind) a very large phablet, i highly recommend the nexus 6 at these prices . this phone has two speakers at the front, which make the sound comes out loud and clear . pure androi system, no carrier's bloatware . does not support miracast . a bit too big to hold in hand or put in pocket  .   works great, people are super envious  .   phone is great except for a problem with the volume getting constantly quieter when played through the speakers  .   this is my second nexus 6 and i love it, it was shipped in the original box and sealed . inserted the sim card and worked as expected on the verizion network  .   phone reboots constantly may have to return if i can't figure an easy fix . phone looked new but the problem is big when it reboots during phone calls  .   i bought this phone after i accidentally dropped my 2013 moto x and broke the digitizer . i got the 64gb cloud white refurbished model for $330 . when i booted the phone up, it had been charged halfway and upgraded to android marshmallow already . in fact, i can pretty easily use it one handed, but it is best to use it two handed . compared to this phone, the iphone 6s looks like a toy phone because it just seems so small . the screen, being an amoled, has intense colours that just cannot be beat . speaking of the screen, if you turn it down all the way and you're in a dark place, the screen turns slightly magenta tinted . however, seeing as you're in the dark, this is probably a good thing, as it functions kinda like a night shade . the lack of a fingerprint sensor i find is not a problem at all, and i rarely miss it . holy crap, they are loud . and the audio quality stays good even at such volumes, as it doesn't sound very tinny at all . android works very well on this phone, and seeing as it's a nexus with very good specs you probably will get software updates for a while . in fact, i'm typing this review from my nexus running the android n beta, which works awesome . also, the phone takes about 50 seconds (yes, i timed it) to boot up, so feel free to grab a glass of water while waiting for it . this is more of an android marshmallow and above thing, but the lack of miracast means that i can no longer cast my screen to my roku, which was a feature that i loved on my old moto x . they also could have added a bigger battery, but most of the time with moderate usage i can last a whole day easy with 20% or so to spare . and the lack of an ir blaster is a non issue, though would be cool . so overall, i love this phone, though the lack of a few features that are important to me bring this rating down to four stars . i highly recommend this phone to anyone considering it  .   it feels like more than a 1 . too big feels like a phablet . got the nexus 5x and it's much better  .   great phone but too big to holding in one hand  .   i love this phone . big screen but i love it . maybe not the fastest or most current but it a great phone for me . i replaced my galaxy s5 with this and i love the screen . took a while to get used to the changes in the buttons and not having physical buttons but all good now . i love the phone . i love how fast it charges, and i love the screen real estate . easy to see items . only issue is that it is difficult to find a car mount that will fit the size of the phone .   got usa version work s great for fiance very pleased also have 32gb version for my phone rock solid device . i really love this phone . now i love it and can't wait to get the next nexus  .   this phone works great and love the large screen  .   always speedy delivery and a good product  . i dropped it a couple of months ago and severely cracked the screen . i have no major issues with the nexus 5x, but i just preferred the better/bigger screen and the superior speakers . the nexus 6 has been my favorite phone, and i am happy that i fixed it  .   the design and function of the nexus 6 satisfies the requirements to be a flagship device for the nexus line . the following comprehensive review is based on project fi usage . this version of android is a nice improvement over previous versions in terms of features and security . something as simple as including a flashlight app in the notification shade demonstrates how the developers spent time including small and big features . a big feature is device encryption which requires a pin for the device to boot up . security: the phone has built in device encryption so do not worry about the feds getting into your phone . i have not seen big drops in speed but i have not pushed this phone to the limit yet . if you are not concerned about device security, you are better off rooting your phone and switching to another rom that has disabled encryption . ideally, sensitive information should never be stored on portable devices so disabling encryption is not a deal breaker . form factor: the phone is big in your hands and pocket . typing with one hand is not as easy as other phones . display: big phone means big display . it is definitely nice to have lots of viewable screen . the bezel is thin so you don't lose much screen . compared to samsung super amoled displays, the colors are not as vibrant . regarding the brightness, both displays perform the same and are not bright enough when using the phone under direct sunlight . the nexus 6 is better than most phones on the market and is an improvement . battery charging: this aspect is important because the nexus 6 has an edge over other phones . charging with usb connected to a computer is slow which is the same for all phones including iphones . sounds are loud and crisp . rear camera: it seems to be a better than average camera . it performs great under lighted conditions . however, as with most phones, dark conditions can be improved . luckily, the built in camera app has a hdr mode which will enhance photos in dark lighting to something more usable . as a photographer, i still like to use my mirrorless camera to capture life's precious moments and feel that no camera phone can rival the performance of mirrorless camera . it would have been nice to have a better front lens but many phones have poor front cameras . the performance is fine for selfies but don't expect to be developing these photos . voice/data reception: motorola is known for having the best antennas and this phone lives up to the reputation . compared to other samsung phones, nexus 6 is able to get better reception and data speeds . when you use this phone internationally, there are no problems roaming . wi-fi reception: supporting wireless ac is great for future proofing . the phone supports many wireless network protocols and speeds . i have seen older phones able to get better reception . perhaps future updates will improve the range . in the end, the phone is still better than average . physical buttons: the phone has 3 buttons on the right side that are utilized well . taking screenshots is easy and using the volume buttons in the camera app as the shutter control is great . the buttons feel nice when pressed and do not stick . near field communication (nfc): this upcoming method of payment works as expected . sure, a fingerprint scanner would have been nice but it is not a deal breaker . there is a reason why the nexus 6 was the first phone to support project fi and google has chosen well  . because of this, the carrier refused to unlock it . so the phone is pretty much worthless . we looked up the phone's imei number online, and found that the device had previously been reported lost or stolen . it strikes me as pretty dodgy, at best, to try and unload such a phone on anyone . edge cellular should be ashamed of themselves  . it works great and i am very happy with it . this phone aims to be bigger and better than the already awesome nexus 5 . this time motorola has decided to give it a shot to make this pure android experience so let's see if this year they nailed google's new flagship phone . the phone is a lot more rounded and curvaceous from last years model but i feel like it was made this way to make gripping such a big phone a lot easier . i do like the design of the device especially the metal bezels which give it a premium feel . the keys are not mushy and give a good tactile feedback . the phone utilizes stereo front facing speakers which make a bigger sound than phones with bottom or back speakers . it is very reminiscent to htc's boom sound speakers . overall the sound is better than the average cell phone but still has a long way to go in terms of sound . the quad hd amoled display is brilliant and crisp . i love the color reproduction, the blacks are nice and overall it is a very good screen . android lollipop is smooth and flows really well with this phone . with my old nexus sometimes there are hickups with lollipop but that's not the problem here . games run smoothly with awesome frame rates . there isn't much to say except that it is one of the best performing phones of 2014 . despite such a large battery on this phone battery life is average and not the best on the phone . the camera is a lot better than last years nexus 5 though i thought the nexus 5 had a decent camera . it is good but if you are looking for a great cell phone camera, you are better off with the note 4 or iphone 6 plus . the nexus 6 is a great upgrade to the nexus 5 . motorola did an amazing job at making the next generation of pure google android phones . if you are looking for a stock android phone with an amazing processing power(and your hands can actually handle this phone), than the nexus 6 might be for you  .   great phone . this is my first time purchasing a used cell phone and so far so good excepting for the overheating which i guess is a common issue for this phone . very fast processor though . got a good deal at amazon warehouse for $203 . i noticed the battery drains faster than my old lg g2 probably coz of the bigger screen . i'm happy with it  .   great phone! would strongly recommend this phone to anyone . still a great phone to buy in 2016! keep in mind that this phone is pretty big so if you have smaller hands you might want to reconsider . if you want to use this phone to watch movies or tv, it is a great device to watch media  .   great phone . recommended  .   great phone that i got for a great price during the 2015 black friday sale . the nexus 6 was just a tad big for me but otherwise worked wonderfully and i liked that it had band 12 for t-mobile  . the processor is fast enough to handle any app that is available with ease . it has a large screen and great resolution . the gps is more accurate than my previous devices . the wifi/cellular hand off works better than the samsung galaxy s5 and note 3 . the battery lasts all day with steady phone use and moderate data use; as well as a constant bluetooth connection for my watch and car . the charger that came with it charges the phone to full in a little less than an hour so i can use it constantly and never fear a dead battery . the only downside i can think of is that there is no expandable memory . it really is not an issue though because i have hundreds of songs, pictures, videos and apps and am nowhere near the 64gb mark . if you are looking for a great phone that looks good will stay great for a couple years then this is the phone for you  .   great quality phone as expected . i'm very happy :) . love this phone . got a great deal . i have a hard time fitting it in my back pocket though  .   clear screen, rich quality great amount of storage, the price doesn't do it justice  .   excellent phone  .   i bought it at black friday with the amazing price . i used it for about 8 months and all is good  .   the phone works great but the camera occasionally shows some weird color lines when i take pictures . not sure if it's normal for this phone or just i got bad ones . i love big and thin phones and this is both . over a year old and it is still running strong  .   bought this back in november 2015 and it has been an absolutely solid device . best phone i've ever owned . he gave me a really good price . the description said like new and it was cracked when it came in though  .   great device, brightness leaves something to desire . they are nice phones, it is a little large for my taste, but if the size is right for you, i don't know how you couldn't be happy with this phone  .   great phone, get all the newest updates for android first . great buy  . i replaced my broken nexus 6 with this one . battery life is not great, but better than my year old phone  .   nice phablet . fast delivery great phone thank you . waterproofness was a significant reason i went with this over the 6p or the note 3 . it's pretty speedy and despite heavy multitasking, i've rarely encountered slowdown  .   my phone's display screen was broken because of the attack from the ground . there have been reports of injury to persons while the phone is not even plugged in for charging as the battery expands and the metal casing is not breathable . motorola refuses to replace my phone with a different model even though i am scared to death to use this phone since realizing the issue and seeing mine start coming apart right in front of my eyes! i've been arguing with them for days now and omg (!) the disrespect dished out by their so called "escalation person" is something i've not witnessed in my 50+ years of living on this earth! they told me, and i quote "your have two options . one is to send the phone to us to evaluate if it is a defect and if it is, we will replace it like for like .00 for, as a replacement, to ensure that they get the nexus back! i will never, ever, as long as i'm breathing and my body is still even slightly warm, purchase anything from motorola ever again! i have never experienced anything like this before! they are soooo fortunate that i was not injured by their phone! well, a minor burn  .   blister that i couldn't figure out where it came from until three motorola people in a row asked "were you hurt by the phone"  .   that's when the lightbulb went off in my head and i remembered not being able to figure out what burned my hand . this phone is a beautiful beautiful product that has a major flaw that could have easily been engineered away . they are going to send me another motorola nexus 6 and if i get harmed by it (i won't sell it knowing what i know  .   my morals will not allow me to), they've been forewarned that i fear using or even going near the phone but i'm not made out of money and don't have another phone to use! so i'm essentially hostage to them! i paid a lot for this phone and offered to accept a smaller, cheaper replacement phone so i would feel comfortable with it but nooo! andrew, the escalations person at motorola said "that's not our policy", "we can send the cheaper phone if you give us $500 . large screen great for internet browsing and playing games  .   exceptional thank you for this product . i'm not confident that my repair will actually be covered by the 1 year warranty at this point  .   great phone  .   was in very good condition  .   after 2 months, when i back from india, the phone can not identify my sim card, only work with cdma . and the worse things is the phone back is very hot after using for a while, very bad experience  . love the 6" screen . blacks look so good on the amoled screen . people complain about the camera on these, but it's not that bad, i use this as a phone . would of loved a sd slot, but not a deal breaker . i don't see how i can go to a smaller phone after using this for so long  .   good phone overall but with couple problems, dark screen during calls, volumes goes down if battery is under 50% . phone is huge which i like but also could be an issue, all the cons said, for the quality of the phone and price relation it is worth it  .   called the customer service for an issue updating the anroid os . terrible service could not solve the issue . phone giving errors on update out of the box  .   fantastic phone! could not recommend it too highly . excellent build quality and no manufacturer's add-ons/ins or customizations to ruin or interfere with the pure google android environment . great deal for a nice phone  .   this is the best phone in the world! although the battery may have a higher capacity than is . thank you  .   if you need max screen on an android, this is the best game in town . has been a generally excellent and reliable device for the last year . it's a little big for easy handheld use, but if you surf the net a lot the screen size is excellent . i love this phone . i use it with project fi and it works great . this is seriously the best phone i've ever purchased  .   get it for 200$ in black friday ant worth ever cent . this phone is great in just about all aspects, save for one dear reader . this decision, be it for the purpose of getting you to buy a new phone sooner, be it for making a cheaper product, was a poor decision . the battery will be begin to lose its vigor before even a year of usage is complete . the battery will be like the tea kettle as it's water draws nigh to the end . my friends, you will enjoy the size and consistent speed of this phone, with minimal bloatware and clean stock ui . but ye may not love it  .   first, the unit came in a box as the wrong color and imei does not match . second, had quite a bit of trouble getting it set up with google fi . some of these issues described here may be the fault of the device, or may be the operating system, or maybe fi, it's hard to tell . but the following problems exist and google fi and google product support have been unable to help . 1) handover from wifi to cell and cell to wifi does not work as fi promises . 3) when i go from a wifi zone at home, travel to work, it sometimes will not connect to work wifi . 4) same as #3, almost every time i go from work to home it will not pick up the wifi . 5) device is now complaining that google play services needs an update to run . terminating a service at their suggestion cleared the error alert, but only for that session; after rebooting it comes back . hard to tell if this is the root of the other issues or not . 6) thinking it might be a good idea to update to android 6 and finding on web stories that it should be available to fi customers, i tried to update . again, round and round with google, clearing caches, restarting in recovery mode to clear things to no avail . finally google starts telling me things like "take it back to where you purchased it for support" (bring it back to amazon - i think that won't work so well as it's been months since purchase!); and then "well, the carrier determines when updates are rolled out" . hm, something is wrong here . a nice long weekend project  .   great deal on thanks giving  .   i ordered two phones and gifted one to my day and the another me and my boy playing with it . pros: beautiful hardware great performance high-res display android lollipop brings fresh design and features cheap priced for what it is battery life the phone comes with a 3,220mah battery, and, simply put, this lasts all day for me, and i often come home with 60% left in it . cons: not great for one-handed use camera stumbles with low-light shots . i was hesitant to not have the waterproof rating, but now with this in my hands i am so pleased with it . favorite phone ever and no need to root  .   had it for 3 months, cracked it but it was my fault, 2 weeks later i broke it lol but i ordered another because i had no problem with the nexus 6, big phone , fast, 3 gigs of ram, ok camera(not the best when inside), everything is fine about this phone and i had to get it again  . the experience of a pure android phone without all the bloatware is by far the best android experience you can ever have there is no bogging down with 3 gigabytes of ram and the processors that are in this phone very fast . i took my sim card from my other nexus 6 popped it in phone came right up working no phone calls necessary . on arrival the box was not sealed on the bottom the driver had me inspect and it appears that the glue has come undone as it was 109 degrees and not opened by an individual, the phone box did show some abrasions but nothing that implied any great damage  . so far no problems for 5 days now and look forward to many more . and if by some chance that i do have a problem i know that amazon will stand behind their products . best phone that anyone can by at this price range  . i suppose i was waiting for the right moment for the android os to mature until the inclusion of material design in lollipop . i've been using android since 2011 and the first device i had was ces 2011 winner motorola atrix 4g with a fingerprint scanner . but i was so tired to the iphone as well . so i've jumped from one oem to the next none of them were nexus devices: lg, htc, blu -- although i must say that the htc one m7 was one of the finest phones i used . and boy, i am really loving it! stock android . and the best news is that it was upgraded to marshmallow and likely to receive android n . i also notice that the back gets unusually warm (but not overly hot) when using with the turbo charger provided . overall this is a mighty fine android phone without the bloatware ever   .   i purchased a nexus 6 because, unfortunately, i broke my nexus 5--with which i was most happy--and found it was discontinued . i had misgivings because of the size, but eventually decided to do for it . i learned to live with the size, but the constant wi-fi as well as microphone problems are just too much  .   great phone and great price  .   great phone . pure android make it just like nexus 5 with better specs . i'm very satisfied  .   works great . so far so good i really missed my nexus 6 and having this as a replacement was a lifesaver since they no longer manufacture this phone thank you very much  . when i use it for gps with waze (always online) the battery last for 4-5 hours until full depletion which is great for such a big screen . the 64 gb of storage space makes it enough at least for me . i don't feel like it needs any extension on microsd card . the fact that is unlocked does a great service when travelling from one country to another as you can just buy a prepaid card and enjoy the voip service from your home country without extra price . the turbo charger is also a great feature, helping you to get the battery charged in about one hour, so even if you forgot to charge it in the morning, just while you have the breakfast you can have it charged enough for the day . i have some friends which were asking me where did i buy it from because it behaves even better than the iphone they brought for their son . one thing that i don't like is that maybe once in a couple of weeks it will need a restart because the memory consumption is too high (most likely some memory leaks  . overall, i don't understand why this phone was discontinued  .   i love the motorola nexus 6 mostly for its size and amyloid screen but the moto x pure edition is more sophisticated . i took a leap of faith that the battery would work as expected, boy was i wrong . the next day i got hospitalized for about a week and by the time i got home they denied my return and deleted my product regestration . by then i decided id rather be stuck on my wifi only note 4 with a broken screen then go through the return process again . fast forward 5 months i was sick and tired of using my crappy note 4 (was a great phone before that broke out of warranty) so i went though the return process again and sent it in a few days ago . i'm patiently waiting to hear back on if they can fix it or if i'm getting a new one  .   the phone was in pristine condition condition, the charger block was the only with very light scuffs great  . great product highly recommend to anybody smooth design good memory power nice resolutions takes super pictures  .   great purchase . i am using it for more than 6 months, no problem yet  .   i cannot believe i haven't already written a review for this wonderful phone . incredibly powerful with 3gb of ram and the 32gb of storage is enough that i don't miss the sd card . processor is blazing and the display - well, what can you say about a 6-inch display? it is huge and clear and fast and   . i could go on praising it for many more lines but you get the idea . i love this phone . best one ever  .   phone was great but the phone box was scratched . the phone that shipped was the correct phone and color and was in excellent condition . the nexus box it shipped in was slightly dinged and worn but the phone looked brand new . i paid i think around 275, (not looking at the receipt), google wanted like 500 new . glad i made this purchase and would recommend them  .   fantastic phone for the prce . great phone at a great price . the camera and camera app suck  .   it takes a few seconds to take a picture and at least once a week the app freezes so badly that you have to restart the phone . over 10% of my pictures are unusable because of the retarded delay . phone works pretty well . not too slow, and screen is clear and bright . love this phone  .   mobile hardware is plateauing like desktop pc hardware so, if you can find it in stock, buy behind the bleeding edge curve . yesterday's flagship can still do today's job without a problem for a fraction of the price . on paper that extra inch in form factor doesn't seem like much but in the hand it is quite a difference and a protective case makes it even worse . not being dependent on the cellphone networks for os patches and updates is worth the nexus price of admission alone - in this case just over $300 while the current flagship nexus 6p is going for nearly twice that . sure the huawei 6p is better in an absolute sense, but in relative price vs . performance the motorola 6 is just absurdly good . after the updates i got an at&t sim card a few days later, plugged it in, and was good to go . my only complaint so far is the phone takes quite a long time to reboot if you end up having to do that  . was said to have had several scratches and scuffs on it, came in mint, nearly brand new condition . bought it to replace my galaxy s6 edge that i was growing tired of . granted on paper the edge is better than the n6, but after having it for one day so far, everything about the n6 seems snappier and faster than my former edge . very very pleased with the device and seller  .   great phone . solid build quality and best stock android experience  . we chose this over a used galaxy note/s series phone because we decided it's better to get a new phone and he didn't want to have a contract  . stalls and stutters, also is actually too big - and i have large hands! camera does not always fire up when you need it . speakers are loud and pointing directly at you(great!)  . but because of the flaky camera, i don't recommend this  .   that's great  .   spectacular phone for $200 (black friday 2015) . this is an excellent phone, rooted and running on android n beta .   best phone i've ever had . what a a great phone it's big, barely fits into my pocket . it works great and has fantastic battery life . this is a 2 handed phone, but it really should also be considered a small tablet . i don't like having high powered radio waves near my brain, plus it's more comfortable . the screen is sharp and bright, perfect touch sensitivity . in 5-15 minutes of charging , i have enough juice for long while  .  this phone is still pretty good overall! battery life is amazing, stock android is amazing, camera is amazing! basically, i am very happy with all aspects of this phone and i look forward to keeping it for the years to come  .   love, love, love this phone  .   bought to work with project fi, fairly fast, call quailty good . 6 months no complaints yet  .   the buyer is great and the phone was in good condition without any scratch its like a new  .   amazing phone that came in amazing speed . fully recommend it . absolutely love it . bought a note 4 at the same time, the nexus blows the note 4 away the pure android is so fast and clean love it  . it is a great phone, and for a not so phony person, i .e myself, i love this phone . i have big hands, so screen fits well . my only disappointment is, i . i have had several gorilla glass 1 & 2 phones, dropped them multiple times, didnt crack, until the impact was big and obvious . this oe slipped out of my hand once, with a bumper cover on and a temper glass, still the glass cracked, and changing the screen is as good as buying a new phone .   first off let's start with the good of the devices - large screen - this screen is amazing for media viewing as the phone sports a massive 6 inch display . i can honestly say i loved watching youtube videos on this phone . fast updates - there's nothing like a nexus device . running a phone the way google envisioned it with blazing fast updates and the latest and greatest features is the only way to go in my opinion . no bloatware - buying this phone unlocked without any carrier bloat makes this phone run smoothly and your screen won't feel cluttered with non useful apps . coming with a amoled display makes for awesome deep blacks but unfortunately this panel seems to have a soft yellow hue on the screen that is only noticeable mainly when the screen displays something white but it's there . it wasn't a big deal for me but did want to let people know because it might bother them screen size - although a major pro it is somewhat of a con as it does make the device somewhat odd to hold . also if you are one to add a case like i am it only makes it more difficult to handle . battery life - now although everyone's use is different and it did get better with marshmallow (especially stand by time) a phone of this size i felt should've had a bigger battery, especially with a qhd display . overall i would recommend this phone for the pure stock android experience alone, but if you can't handle a six inch display this is definitely not going to work out for you  . i am so sad about this phone from google . i love google products but motorolla  .   hasn't been as strong as samsung . good handphone  .   i like my samsung better  . the phone is great i haven't had a problem yet . i would not get in to the spec comparison as there are pages and pages available for this . i use this phone along with work s6 . battery power is sufficient and last almost 12 hrs of brutal use . the thing i most like is fast updates to android, i dont have to wait a single day for new release . my only complain is the charging port . only the original cable fits well, for rest it seems to be a bit lose  .   horrible experience . i am very disappointed with the nexus 6 and even more with motorola . also, the phone made strange noises (similar to the one that a cd drive makes after you insert a disc) when surfing the web or activating apps ., they will send a device to me and only then i will send the defective phone back to them) . i reluctantly agreed as i didn't have a replacement phone . i called and paid another $25 for another exchange (they promised it will be refunded) . meanwhile they kept sending me threatening emails that i need to ship back the original defective device i received or else my card will be charged . called everyday to explain that i am keeping this device and returning the replacement and was promised that my card will not be charged . summary - paid for a new defective phone + paid 2 times $25 for replacements that didn't work + $535 for a replacement that i returned . let other buyers of motorola phone beware  .   looks & works like its brand new  . now, my heart bleeds as this phone supersedes all expectations . i got the moto nexus 6 to replace an aging phone and my former disdain for smart-a$$ phones is now gone . this nexus 6 provides joy and that is a surprise . the speakers — awesome; the display — easy on the eyes . for the first time ever i have found myself delighted by a mobile device .* i would buy it again and do highly recommend it to all my friends . so i wrote this poem because i do not think you can go wrong even if you buy what is now an older model  .   i got this phone for the big display, and i was not disappointed, i have owned it for 6 and so far no issues .  so fast never freezes  .  screen is huge and so clear  .  good sound  .   good but defective . i love the phone, tragically this phone has some color timing issues but i didn't want to return it because i figured it'd be too much trouble and i can't live long without a smartphone, i grew up with them, i'm gonna grow more with them and i'm gonna be charging my phone the day before i die  .   shipping and quality of the device were both great! i have had it for a few months now and have zero complaints  . the phone was amazing while it worked, but it has become an extremely expensive $400 paperweight . the phone crashed in march, 3 months after i received it  .   screen at low brightness looks purple, known issue, not as good as my galaxy note, but ok for the black friday price  . very reliable and i love the 2 front-facing speakers  .   i just recieved my phone and the screen was cracked  .   best phone so far it came fast and well packaged and i was so surprised when i open the box it came with a turbo charger which charges my phone really fast . pretty cool . the item looked new, i couldn't even see a single scratch, all the brochures, charger etc seemed to be in there, so yeah, it's a really good deal . so this is my first smartphone ever, so i am sure i am very biased, but this phone is pretty cool . yes, this phone is pretty big, and it really is a phablet . simple android phone for such a great price  .   big, but quick and easy to use . the phone is ok the glass broke after one week one fall;( . the phone came in and worked perfectly with no scratches or dings . great product . the best features are the screen for streaming and games, and the speaker for music and talk  .   love everything about this phone  .   slow down after a few months . the price has dropped significantly since it's release and has become competitive with budget phones in terms of price point . the screen size, although troublesome at first, has become manageable now . the quick updates are great and the performance is good . the camera is actually pretty decent with google's superb hdr processing . the vibration motor is extremely loud, cheap, and cannot be adjusted . also google's stock android operating system has no way to disable vibration unless you disable all notifications 2 . the back plastic cover is extremely cheap feeling, slippery, and a fingerprint magnet . the speaker sometimes has issues with stereo and is generally buggy (the volume will sometimes go on for a second even when muted, sometimes it has trouble adjusting to volume) . the usb port is built extremely cheap and broke, this is not a dust problem, and since the usb is soldered onto the main board, it cannot be replaced easily . the amoled screen is a last gen (2013 amoled panel rather than 2014) and has burn in issues . for those of you who don't believe amoled screen degradation is a real problem, compare the white colors of your old nexus 6 to a brand new nexus 6 . i pay two hundred dollars plus taxes that is why i'm ok with the cellphone but it has many issues  .   awesome phone . awesome phone! this phone answered all my needs .   100% satisfied  .   (review by nick bhend) the nexus 6 is an excellent 2 year old smartphone that holds up very well against the mid to high-end smartphones of today . the 6 inch, 1440p amoled display immediately steals the show with wide viewing angles, clarity, and an overall finesse that holds it's own compared to mid rangers like the honor 7, the nexus 5x, and even high end models such as the iphone 6s plus . colors aren't as saturated as samsung's galaxy line, and aren't as accurate as the iphone's, but provide a nice middle ground between the two, offering colors that pop that aren't super saturated . moving to the top and bottom of the display are the two front facing speakers that deliver powerful, almost boomsoud-like sound . a stereo effect is also effectively produced . moving on to the back is a 13 megapixel camera capable of shooting 4k video at 30 fps (no slow-motion though) . it can produce good photos under the right conditions, but on average produces average photos that won't blow you away, but will still be nice nonetheless . it would have been nice to see a better camera (especially considering the nexus line's history of bad cameras) . moving under the hood, the nexus 6 sports a snapdragon 805 quad core chip paired with an adreno 420 gpu along with 3gb of ram and 32 or 64gb of internal storage, which is sadly not expandable . battery life is strong with a 3220 mah battery that will get you through 1 day with about 20% left in the tank . in comparison to some mid to high end smartphones, the nexus 6 stands as a worthy contender, especially considering it's new price of 300$ on amazon (even dropping to 270$ on sale) . simply put, this is the phone to beat in the sub 350$ range and can even hang around the 400-550$ crowd with ease . a feature-rich, beautiful phone that provides the stock android experience, the nexus 6 is an amazing phone worth every penny .5/5 ** pros: big, beautiful display, great performance, awesome battery life, turbo charging, and stock android cons: no expandable storage and the cameras could be a little better . the reason i give 3 stars is because the screen sometimes acts badly wrong,, it divides in squares and the only way to fix it is shutting down the screen . it's a great phone, best quality pictures and storage . wonderful phone, huge screen, is still fully supported by google . definitely worth the price  .   by far and away the best android phone i have had . imho, far better than my old samsung, and much better than the iphone 6+ . it does everything, very well  .   it is the same size as the samsung galaxy note (except it doesn't come with a convenient stylus) . i love that it doesn't come with the hundreds of prepackaged garbage apps that samsung and the others force on you and don't let you remove . but i dislike that it does not have expandable memory . also i was disappointed with some of the native apps it does have . the camera app particularly lacked a lot of features, taking a picture in the moment (within a second) is unlikely to produce any quality results - or take a picture at all . panoramas took forever to composite and it has a lot of trouble focusing/exposing correctly - sometimes refusing to even take a picture because it can't determine what it should focus on . ended up downloading a lot of 3rd party apps to control camera as well as audio/video playback, file exploring, etc . i have large hands but i often have trouble using one handed (palm of thumb often clicking unintentionally when reaching across the screen to the other side . phone works great . not clear on whether the nexus will continue under google's tutelage or be discontinued - whatever . the moto x pure is similar enough for my purposes . i've dumped samsung (which are also excellent phones, but notably more expensive) and i will only be buying high end motorola phones at the ~ $400 for the foreseeable future . these folks got it right: * sell unlocked, high-quality gsm phones * install capable cpus and ram for modern android apps * do not install annoying crapware motorola follows these principles beautifully - at least with the unlocked nexus and moto x pure phones . i'm a happy guy  .   the phone rings quietly but besides that it is a great phone  .   great phone . size doesn't bother me except it isn't a one - handed phone  .  ) and it was already turned on, updated to android n and unlocked and ready to go when i received it . i found it extremely convenient as i hate waiting for everything to update and set up when i buy a new device . it charges extremely fast within (about halfway within 15-30 minutes) and dies out after extremely heavy usage (constant app usage and video streaming) by about 8pm (assuming i unplugged it at 6am) . it also seems to boost my phone carrier's signal in places where i would have never been able to receive data originally . i highly recommend this particular seller and device  .   wonderful phone . great battery, screen and speedy too  .   great product . camera is total garbage  .   product has known issues with wifi connectivity . mine is nearly useless at this point after owning it less than two months . what good is an overpriced brick  .   best smart phone i have ever had, i can't go back to cheap smart phones every again . this phone is just as good as a iphone whatever or a samsung galaxy 6 at half the price and you get better update straight from google  .   great phone . definitely get a protective case for it  .   excellent seller and product  .   i really like this phone, i don't think its as big as my family think it is . i like to read my e-books on the phone and this is a nice size for that  .   this is a great phone, i have no lag in any application i use, however, the battery life is dismal . if i don't charge it on the drive home from work, it will go dead after having a 100% charge in the morning  .   still loving it after many months  .   pros: the phone is great as far as usability, it replaced my huawei ascent mate 2 which was good but never got security updates nor software updates .   works great, brand new and unlocked . had it for past 5 months and no problems at all  .   loved the phone . great android phone! very snappy, great screen, charges very fast . nice to get timely updates from google as they come out .   liked this phone very much  .   high cost performance, stable and clean inside  .   i love it, so far it works very good  .   i bought it on thanksgiving sale and its a great phone . only thing i don't like is the size of google launcher icons . its just too big  . read reviews and it is a common issue on this cel :( . very satisfied  .   good product  .   at first you may think the screen is huge, but it's an awesome, crisp screen, great for e-books . my previous device was a nexus 7 tablet (1 inch larger), which has slightly better resolution, but the nexus 6 is small enough to fit into your pocket, while being large enough to double as a tablet . it's the ideal size, in my opinion . sound quality is good, and having pure android is great because you get updates soon as they roll out (unlike modified android os, which is found on most other brand names) . i got mine from a private seller in like-new condition, and have been very happy with it  .   it worked about a month and the it died  .   authentic! no problems yet . great phone . i love this phone! the battery life is incredible in it . i think it works really well, i had an lg g3 before this and have found that this nexus 6 is way better . i haven't had any issues with this phone and i have had it since oct . it's nice and big and has a great looking screen . my biggest pet peeve is the screen burn . i can see the navigational buttons on the bottom and the icons at the top (where the clock/wifi/signal) is . it's not interfering with any of my apps really, but i can see it pretty clearly which is just irritating to see . i would love to be able to make more choices for the wallpaper, but that's such a small thing that it doesn't really matter  .   it is big, but the front facing speakers are great, the screen is very good, and it is a nice phone to hold (without a case) . the camera is good but could be better  .   great phone, records in 4k, had to get a sim card from sprint, which they didn't have in any store, so i had to get it by mail . thing i don't like is the location of the power and volume buttons, all in the middle and all the same size, i liked it better on my old nexus 5  .   nice phone but i had to return it due to network signal problem nice phone though  .   great shape and size with a wide display . great battery life . love it . great phone! i wish they didn't discontinue it, works fine with cricket wireless . best phone i ever had, though it's definitely on the large side . no regrets on ditching verizon for google fi and this phone  .   my mic is not working and when i call my friends they say they can't hear anything due to some bull s*** background noise  .  its some problem with the noise cancellation thing  .  i have suffered a nexus 6 n note 2  .   best bang for the buck out there for android . this phone is great, this one i got is able to traverse into verizon land and at&t land and be capable of lte  . hardware is great by todays standards still and at a fraction of the price , 64gb which is awesome . i stuck with my 8gb nexus 4 too long  .   love it, would buy it again . it is good phone, not the best screen and other specs out there, but bought it for $200  .   best phone i ever owned   .   excellent phone for people who like it big, has a huge screen almost 6" which isn't for everyone i moved from iphone 6 plus so i got used to the size right away . its very fast phone i haven't experienced any issues or lag when i was using it . only complaint i would have about this phone is camera its really not up to the par with rest of the phone but its not horrible it does take good pictures but not premium camera that u might find in galaxy or iphones released at the same year as this phone . storage wise 32gb was more than enough for me i believe i had over 18gb free most of the time (i'm not mobile gamer and i didn't have any games on it ) . look and build quality i really liked i actually bought two of these phones one is blue and other one white i preffered the white one it looks very nice  .   awesome phone but missed my iphone 6s plus in less then 3 weeks - went back to the dark side  .   pros - large screen tons of settings options for ultimate privacy google now is a huge plus tons of personalizing options to make the phone exactly how you want it incredible camera everything is great . cons - only one thing, there's no slot for a memory card  .   still the best phone from google . annual and monthly updates without the carrier nonsense  . i'm not sure if it's an issue of settings they've configured for googlefi, which i don't use, but on any given call, whether wifi or cell, my calls drop consistently, sometimes as often as every 5 minutes . can't possibly recommend a phone that doesn't work as a phone  . well i myself didnt caught up the discount by amazon that offered $199 for a moto nexus 6, i was so regreted hence i booked that when it down to $249 from $349 .1 os, which is really really realy in shortage of applications . still, duration is not its advantage--on screen maximum time is about 4 hours, due to the fact that its 2k screen is not really useful and also a battery killer . system updates were guaranteed by google, better than microsoft  .   good  . everything else is fine i wish amazon had a 60-day return policy that gives you enough time to figure out what is going on  .   great smartphone, great seller i'm very happy . love it, best phone ive ever owned . camera isnt that great if you are coming from a samsung product, but otherwise its leaps and bounds ahead of a lot of more modern devices  .   excellent phone with almost up to date hardware . i love the frequent system software updates! i get the latest version of android months before the samsung, htc, lg and all the others! i do notice that the phone is starting to lag quite a bit . it's pretty noticeable! a system refresh will make it fast again, but after all the updates download and install, it will begin to lag again . but overall, i am very happy with my purchase  .   great product, one of the best android phone i have . perfect price for this perfect phone . great non-carrier dependent universal unlocked phone . the only current technical advancement this phone lack is usb-c port which is fine with me since usb-c is in its infancy . motorola manufactured this nexus 6 and is better than my old nexus 5 by lg which started having problems with the battery, the camera then it when on a continuous rebooting loop . so i lost faith in lg . the phone is not as big as i thought it was . my girl friend has the same phone and she is comfortable handling it with her small hands .   great phone at a great price . upgraded to marshmallow soon after purchase . best part of nexus devices is getting regular os and security updates without the carrier crapware . i have a bad habit of keeping 15-20 chrome tabs open all the time which causes some lag; lag not present under regular usage  .   large phone, bit too big  .   let me start by saying this is a great phone . it has a huge screen, but it isn't bulky in the slightest and it feels fantastic in your hand, due to the curved design . however this does cause some wobble if you try to type on a flat surface without stabilizing it . most everyone knew the nexus was curved before they bought it, so they shouldn't complain about the wobble . my only complaint about the nexus is the button placement . who in their right mind would lump the power and volume buttons next to each other ? i knew about this before purchasing, so i only deducted 1/4 star . i like the stock android experience you get with the nexus . i don't like apple product, no offense to the hipsters out there . i also was not impressed by samsung's touchwiz . i want a fast phone that is highly customizable to suite my taste . if i want something a little more refined ? i can download a third party laucher if i so choose . want a clean phone with no manufacture/carrier logos on the front ? got it! (unlocked version) . it does have a classy m on the back that i am growing fond of . i'm using a case with a clear back . lastly, my samsung and apple friends seem kinda envious of my nexus . i wanted a phone that i could hold on to for 2+ years, like my last one . if this review helped you at all, please vote "yes" .   i've had it for a few months now and this is a great phone if you want pure android . handling gets some getting used to but just buy the right case and it will feel awesome  .o they had to say that, one phone that is water proof, the first time it gets refurbished, it lost its water proof, now my phone was damaged its card and it doesn't work any more  .   wow i love this phone  . great phone! it's big and, at times, a little awkward to work with, but i knew that going in . has all the features i was looking for (big high-res screen, forward mounted stereo speakers) at a great price . very solid build quality! would recommend it to anyone looking for a large android phone  .   great phone great price . overall like it as i am using it with project fi .   good product . best phone i ever owned, tried the nexus 6p and you can have it the 6 is the whale smooth as silk fabulous with the android 6 . t-mobile was selling the midnight blue version for $600+ dollars, so i was very happy to get this white one for $349 . i thought i would like the "bare bones" android experience a lot more than i do, and i miss a lot of the functions from my previous samsung galaxy s4 . it's a decent phone for the price, but i am glad that i didn't pay more than i did for it  . i've been using my motorola nexus 6 for the last 4 months now (bought at end of december 2015) and for the money ($250 + tax), what an amazing smartphone . better than average battery life, good camera, good front facing speakers, amazing screen, love the size of the phone, and it's a nexus - i got android m and will see android n when it's released later this year . so far, very happy  .   $399 at 2015 october, one of the best choice in mid range priced flagship let me get the spec out first: 2k 6 inch display 495 ppi snapdragon 805 3gb ram 64gb storage . imx214 13mgp consider this phone is released in 2014, this phone has some very decent spec, some of those can be considered pretty good in 2016, 3gb of ram with snapdragon 805 is quite powerful in today's standard, 2k display is still standard in 2016 flagship, but this display is not as good as those ones on samsung s7 or htc m10 . it is a 6 inch 2k amoled display, which as a ppi of 495, it is very sharp, but the color is bit off just like most of amoled, it has a warm color(green and yellow tint), which in my case, i really like it . it goes really well with google's material design dark theme, but it depends on personal preference . the display turns pink in low brightness, which is one of the biggest flaws of this phone . this display does not get very bright either, max out at just over 300 nits, meaning that you will have a hard time seeing the display under the direct sun light . snapdragon 805 performs well on this device, it can still run the latest and greatest games on android platform without any issue at all . it does get hot sometimes, but nothing unacceptable . one of my favourite part of this phone is the two front firing speaking flaking the giant 6 inch display . they are very loud and deliver very good audio experiences, i have both the moto x 3rd gen and nexus 6p, but none of those two can beat the loudness of this phone . you can get some very good quality sot on it in day light, but don't expect it to produce any thing close to decent in low light  .   nice one  . i love the giant screen and the camera is great . i upgraded from a moto g so this was an insanely big improvement  .   great device works perfectly, was cleanly packaged in box and was in perfect working order  .   i bought the device a whole ago but it was in perfect condition and came in unlock . very happy with it since than  .   the screen is not bright  .   i ordered the n6 at a great price of 199$ at november 2015 . even the big size - i found it as a big plus, as in our day's we moved already to do everything from the mobile . amazon's experience as always - the best  .   i purchased the motorola nexus 6 after my lg g3 failed 13 months into my contract . that being said there are a few cons: lowlight pictures are horrendous and the flash doesn't help much at all . the phone will often close out programs and lag during heavy usage . (snapchat is worst in my experience) the photos app and camera are inconvenient to navigate when searching through your photos . however it is qi wireless charging compatible so this is a way around the problem . in conclusion i would recommend this phone to anyone as it is an excellent deal . $350 is still a lot of money, however this is arguably the most premium phone available for that price point . i loved it so much i decided to purchase a nexus 6p  .   this is a great phone and i love it .   not much bells and whistles like samsung, but it's a fantastic phone  . i love it  .   i didn't realize how huge it was but the screen has great quality . it's easy to do everything on this phone . haven't had any problems so far  .   the phone itself is beautiful and it works great . however, it is extremely prone to having the screen break if it is dropped . of the 6 people i know who own the phone, 4 of us have had the screen break in the first 6 months of owning it (with protective cases) .   the n6 arrived in perfect condition, very happy with my team . and so far it works perfectly . very grateful to the seller for selling equipment excellent . i would say not a good experience  .   great phone . screen is big it runs fast and no extra software that can't be removed  .   great phone! no issues to date . overall its great phone, the screen is bright and colorful, the front speakers are loud, call quality is very good and the advantage of having stock android makes it a winner . on the performance standpoint there is little to complain about, the phone is snappy and can have mutiple applications running at the same time without any problems . still i think it could be way faster with encryption disabled . now the downsides: no led indicator, previous nexus 5 and following nexus 5x both have a led indicator, now the tricky part is that the nexus 6 does have one but its disabled by the manufacturer and can only be used by rooting and loading a custom kernel . not everyone is willing to do all that work for a light . forced encryption: i get it that google wants to protect your information by having it encrypted, but they should have made this optional especially when there is an impact to performance  .   best phone i ever used . long battery, loud speakers with fast processor . can't find any faults except, buy a case, my first phone broke the screen before my case arrived  .   i'm going to show you how you can ditch verizon for good and save a ton of money by buying this phone . nexus 6: $350 google project fi service: ~$42/ month for unlimited talk and text and 2 gb of data per month . let's try a different scenario, a more realistic one . let's say you go into verizon and you want the latest and greatest phone, and they talk you up to their medium data plan, which is the one they push the most for individuals . as for the phone itself, i previously owned the moto x and this is a lot like that, only bigger . never had any problems with it  .   even after two years almost the nexus 6 delivers blazing fast performance and uncompromised user experience . the nexus will not disappoint  . sometimes it stutters, the camera lags a bit . good product . best phone i've ever owned .   coming from a galaxy s4, there's so much to love about the nexus 6 . every single app comes to life with the loud front facing speakers and large amoled screen . i'm not an avid snapchatter, but it's a pleasure going through snapchat clips with this phone . spotify is a whole new experience as i can leave the n6 anywhere in the bathroom and still hear it loud and clear in the shower . games are smooth and lag-free . with hdr turned on, it takes pictures just as well as the samsung galaxy s4 and my girlfriend's iphone 6s plus . there can be some focus issues with video recording (it tends to refocus the shot every now and then), which can be fixed by downloading a third party camera app . overall i highly recommend this phone, especially at the current prices . even though this phone is over a year old, it has top of the line specs that make it one of the best performing smartphones today, and will continue to stay relevant for years  . phone works great, smooth performance . even better since i bought it used from amazon for 1/3 the price  . it's second time that i have a problems buying wiht you, i repeat, my cell phone is locked and i bought an unlocked phone . good phone but very large . well it's nexus  . although i prefer my nexus 6p this phone is still quite good . big screen, big battery, two front facing speakers, water resistant and was only for 199 . i can't complain  .   i totally love this phone! updates frequently and works great . only issue charge only runs for a day  .   love, love, love not having all the predownloaded crap that you can't delete . i love it and best of all, i can actually use it  .   awesome google phone . product arrived as expected and worked as i hoped it would . love it  .   love it  .   received a good and new phone  .  pretty much liking this  .5 stars but cant, nothing wrong with the phone but amazon screwed me on this one, shipped 1 week late was late enough for me to loose my 10% cashback on chase rewards a total value of $40(this phone+couple other products), a call back to amazon went nowhere after a 2 hour conversation, these guys used to have great customer service, just sad . resolution is phenomenal and it is incredibly fast . i would have no problem buying this phone again  .   very,very good phone,like apple 6 plus . i bought it at the end of 2015 and i'm still using it, i had an iphone 6, this phone was released on 2014 but still a great phone! run smoothly and i don't have any problem of lag, the only thing that i miss is a better camera is 12 mpx but i think the photos could be better, the front camera is not a good one compared to others .   bought for my wife for christmas and this this rocks and the black friday deal was just too good to pass up . also a great phone .the nexus 6 is a tad bulky but it fits good in my oversized hands . i wish it more ram & gigabyte space but still a very good phone in my opinion  . really like the phone  .   love it . i got this phone before it was discontinued by the manufacturer . but the performance of the phone is pretty good . i like it a lot  .   even for 200 dollars, i don't recommend people to buy nexus 6 . regardless the screen, camera, and the whatever else, the battery make it a bad phone  .1 batt life is much better than nexus 5 but nexus 5 is faster .5 year old flagship phone, speaker is great, decent camera, bright large screen, very powerful vibrate . it is an overall good mid range phone for 2016 at $250 but i wouldn't pay 500 when it first came out . if your cable male port is just a tick smaller the connection will come loose very easily, at least for mine . the curve screen is also a bit picky on screen protector . the rounded shape in the back is very unfriendly to work with when you lay it flat on the table as it will slide and rotate around  .   overall a great smartphone with many high end features but you will need a case since it's very slippery  .   great phone at a great price  .   but the ota updates are severely delayed on the 2 i've gotten here .   i bought this around november of 2015 and it is fantastic as my secondary device . battery life is not the best i've ever seen but it's also nothing to scoff at either . build quality is quite decent and i haven't had any quality control issues to mention . the screen is bright enough for use outdoors and the screen is huge . since it's a nexus phone, i often get updates directly from google and it's quite refreshing having used normal phones with bloatware . the sides are a little slippery but i threw a case on there and it has not been an issue at all . call quality is quite decent and my callers have not complained about quality on their end . motorola made has made a great phone  .   great phone, at an absolutely great price! this was a no brainer replacement for my son  .   i initially loved this phone . the software and operating system are great and it is fast . this is a huge problem because the screen shatters easily . i have owned many phones and have been very rough with them, yet never have i had a screen break . this phone i purchased a cover and protective glass and yet with a minor drop the glass shattered  .   this is a really great phone, if you look past the fact that it constantly drops from the network (lte for seconds, then 3g, then nothing, then waiting for something) and can't find my wifi connection even though i'm standing right next to the router  .   this is a great phone . i came from a nexus 4 and this was a big upgrade in terms of speed, size and battery life . i had it for about 5 months and so far it works like it did when it first came out of the box  .   good phone but it starts making a hissing noise whenever i listen to anything . works great with google fi . can't wait for an upgraded nexus 6, since i pass on 6p  .   i've owned the iphone 6, the lg optimus g, and i've played with many other flagship smartphones, and the nexus 6 is by far the best phone i've ever used . even though the backplate is made from plastic, it's excellent quality and has yet to accumulate any scratches despite the fact that i use this phone caseless every day for ergonomics . likewise, the gorilla glass on the screen is durable and has only developed a few faint micro-abrasions from months off use . speakers are excellent, camera is excellent (although i don't really care about this feature), and it has plenty of power and battery life to do whatever i need to do . even though this was released at around the same time, the nexus feels like a massive upgrade over the iphone 6 i used for almost a year . the unadulterated experience of using vanilla android could not be any more fluid, intuitive, robust and beautiful . the only real issue i have is the fact that the stock resolution is so high (2560 x 1440) . while it's great that the screen is so sharp with no discernible pixels, the hardware simply doesn't have the grunt to push a lot of 3d titles at good framerates . the display also has a slight yellow tint, but it's only really noticeable when held side-by-side with displays that are more on the cool side of the gamut . overall, still the best smartphone i've ever owned  .   this is a nice upgrade for anyone that is looking for a new phone . huge screen! fast cpu . and lots of good open source roms available  .   looks like new and works like new  .   love my big a$$ phone . the camera is not the best for more light shooting but it looks gorgeous in bright light . the screen is hard to see outside with the sun out . love the dual front speakers, love that it's water resistant, screen looks stunning and it's super fast and never lags . battery is good enough given that it's powering a 6" qhd screen . all in all a great phone for the price (i paid $299 for the 64gb version) . excellent phone . great value . love love love . i have never met such a good design of nexus 6 in the world . why do you choose a popular iphone other than nexus 6 for your personality  .   it works the same as my previous htc one, i really don't see why i had to spend three times the amount of money when nexus 6 satisfies all my cellphone needs . pro: everything works perfectly, no lag, nothing breaks after 6 months of use . con: it doesn't have as many cool extra features that htc has, but it's not like it was a necessity in the first place . con: the camera isn't as good as htc, sometimes it's blurry, color contrast is bad, or quality is poor . it does get hot when it's charging or used for 2 hours straight, but nothing bad has happened so far  . pros: - beautiful screen with a more than sufficient area for display - works with project fi which is the great - battery life with decent usage (wifi and data) potentially lasts through the day cons - the screen might be too big for a decent number of people . while the attraction is there using with one hand at times has resulted the phone falling on my face  .   but its difficult to go back to a smaller screen after that! definitely a phone that you will enjoy  .   absolutely love my phone  .   found a few issues i do not like but overall i give it an a . i want to like this device . while the screen is larger, which is nice, i find the device less responsive overall . more frequent hangs and force closes . by october, i had to return it because it wouldn't take a charge and was randomly resetting itself . motorola did have a nice policy though . since i was under warranty, repair would be free and for $25 they'd send me a replacement phone first (with a $500 hold on my cc) so i didn't have to do without . i thought that was reasonable and sent for the replacement . the new phone acted funny too . i noticed infrequent auto-resets and it did a funny thing with the scree where it was split into squares and tiled backwards . hard to describe, power cycling fixed that . it can't be trusted and may not work properly . i guess i'll take it, but these $25 convenience charges are adding up for a phone that will probably be defective, again . i can see why they discontinued it .   the phone works well with a few dislikes . i don't like that i can't use mp3's as a ringtone or have my photo gallery like other andriod phones . everything being tied into google is a bit problematic for me . i do love some of the features such as google pay and how seemless the apps work  .   loved it, but my wife thought it too big to hold one-handed  .   huge phone but solid  .   great phone! smooth and fast  .   this phone is a great bang for your buck . i love that it has 64gb storage and a big screen . it has a huge screen of course it has the best rom . the best rom being aosip  .   great phone! i haven't had any problems with mine . my wife's had to go in for warranty work after a month  .   it's great  . great phone  . love the phone, hate the size . it's a fantastic phone but way too big and i've got big hands . coupled with the large size, you'll drop and break the phone in no time . as for features, i upgraded from a nexus 5 . the n6 is markedly faster, had double the storage, and despite a bigger screen, has a longer lasting battery . the turbo charge feature is itself a fantastic perk . very good audio quality . camera is fast and delivers excellent pics . i don't like the volume and power button locations, as they are hard to manipulate . i paid something like $200 on super markdown for this, new . at that price, it's a stunning deal . out of the box, it will work with googlefi, as well . a few annoyances, but in balance a solid product  .   perfect phone for a great sale price! glad i got it when it was only $250  .   works good after two months . amazing amoled 1440p display, with more screen real-estate than any other phone at this resolution . at the sale price, the best phone i ever owned for the price  .   very unsure why this phone was discontinued as it is my favorite phone and one of the best price/performance you can get on the market right now . considered getting a galaxy s6 unlocked, but after doing some research decided to get this bad boy .  ] as you can see they both have very similar specs but the nexus 6 is almost a whole inch bigger in screen size . also this phone takes amazing photos and the 4k video recording is such an stunning feature . the 4k 6 inch screen is beautiful and great for watching videos on the go . i love how it's just the right amount of thin, but yes it has smashing curves baby! oooook  .   anyway! the screen is huge, but definitely in a good way! i started out with a galaxy s4, switched to an iphone 5, and with the iphone 5 i really missed the big screen size, and i wanted that again with a new phone . i intend on sticking with this phone for years to come, or until the updates slow the phone down to where i have to get a new phone, which tends to happen with all models  .   as the apps use more ram and battery, your phone becomes a slippery slope, this is how the cell companies make a killing off you long term . also not a conspiracy, progress also plays a part . any, you won't regret getting this phone  .   great phone so far . works well with project fi . it's a big honker but love the size . love the fast charge feature  .   at first i wondered how i could ever like a phone that was nearly as big as a small tablet . after some time i got used to it and i really like it . there are many things i like about this phone . good sound . good camera - although my camera app stops working from time to time and has to be restarted . the screen is really quite nice, looks sharp and has good color . the phone is pretty zippy, and i don't often find myself waiting for things . for anyone on the fence, i would definitely recommend  . i love this phone and will have a hard time replacing it when the time comes unless we get another nexus with a 6" screen . i can't imagine trying to use a phone with a smaller screen after owning this . had a problem with the volume down button becoming increasingly hard to press after about 6 months, so sent it for a replacement and got a new/refurbished one quickly . the best experience an android phone can deliver . what i like the most about it is the involving sound and the bright screen working together . difficult to ignore the battery behaviour: super fast charging and long lasting life . that camera is good too and everything else works just as expected . the only bad thing about this headset is that there's no accessories available around my magnificent location  .   the best android phone so far! it is big, and that's good  .   i love the nexus 6 that i had to buy another one . this phone is great for watching movies  . it's the poorest expirience i ever had with amazon  .   my experience with the phone was very bad, because since i had the first time i found common defects that has the phone . my phone died on this day after leave loading at work where i always used to do, check the phone to see how much had loaded and turned on the screen, but then it was extinguished, and more never relit the screen or the phone either . from the beginning when the phone was downloading the volume he became uncontrolled and up and down . just hard me 4 months . i feel it's been my worst buy  . the device is extremely wide and uncomfortable to use . great price after it was on sale, but similar devices can be purchased for around the same price with a better form factor  .   best device ever! i love the screen, pure android experience, the smoothness of managing several applications open . unfortunately motorola is not producing nexus phones again :( . good work without problem and looking new . hate hate hate how they placed the power button and volume buttons all together near the right thumb area . sometimes i accidentally switch the phone off because the power button is right where i hold the phone . super annoying . otherwise a normal large/bit heavy android phone with great battery life  .   best of android and unlocked what can you ask for more with all the high spec's . too big  .   i typically get a new phone every 6 months or so, because i am never happy with what i have . i never have to clear the apps out because it gets laggy . the screen is incredibly clear . both for phone calls, and other things like watching video . the wifi antenna has a great range and works with 2 . the screen is good quality glass as well . i have dropped this thing many times and haven't broke the screen yet . i even have a dent in the metal on the top of it and it still has not affected the usage . this phone has everything i need, and works great . if i do, it will be just because i want the new version of the nexus, and not because it messed up  .   i love it so far, i have had a few glitches with it not being responsive to touch for a couple minutes and it running a little bit slow . overall i am enjoying it so far  .   it really does not get much better than this! this phone was top of the line for any phone when it came out, and is pretty close to the same even today, years later . the screen is fantastic, the processor and ram are incredible, the battery is outstanding, the camera is great, the price is great, i guess the only downside to it is there is not a pocket big enough to hold it safe ;) . good battery life .   mobile looks really good however i don't know why it is generating excess heat . i have a protective screen applied and a case around the edges . i regret buying this completely  .   really have no complaints with this phone at all . 4k video is amazing, photo quality also fantastic, and i don't find this phone to be too large at all as well as being perfect for a family member who finds it difficult to read small text with other phones . phone also uses new marshmallow android operating system which runs really smooth on this device . still not a fan of the photos app on android but a free app called myroll takes care of organization of pictures . it provides more value and flexibility than the iphone in my opinion .   i upgraded to this phone after having a galaxy s5 for about two years . the s5 was a great phone, but i got frustrated with some stutters and slowdowns that would occur randomly . i purchased the nexus 6 since it has stock android and does not have any overlays that would slow it down . the phone consistently performs well, the battery life lasts me over a day with moderate use, and the fast charging has come in handy more than once when i am low on battery . i would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a phone at a reasonable price point with great, even performance  .   great phone . great phone . easy to use and takes awesome pictures and videos . i'm very happy with my purchase  .   love this phone . it lasts long and has great specs . great phone all around . double front facing speakers are great! only downsides so far is battery life and lack of expandable storage  .   great phone with reasonable price  .   tl; dr: good phone for the price . not the best screen colors but good size and vanilla android has pros and cons . motorola did a good job with this phone . at max bright, it looks its best but this isn't practical in all situations . multitasking is a positive experience and have few times had an app drop out of memory . call quality is good and it holds a good signal . however if i use waze in the mornings and have music streaming during work (lte streaming) and playing through bluetooth i'll have to plug in during the drive home . a big plus is the screen size for watching netflix or hulu . the speakers aren't particularly powerful but certainly better than most mobile phones . you have to be a fan of stock android and a fan of large screens to thoroughly enjoy this phone . manufacturers such as samsung or lg add some nice touches to android to make them stand out, such as split screen or floating windows . these can be useful and make the non stock android interesting . disadvantages of this are additional apps or features you don't want or use that eat up system resources .   100% android, flawless, definitely recommend  . everything about it is better than the s4 except video recording . the nexus 6 has a horrible video camera . i like to take videos for instagram and this phone is absolute trash when it comes to videos . it constantly tries to focus and this leads to blurry videos . longer battery life than the s4 and also much faster  .   love it . this is a great phone . i had the nexus 4 as well, and the n6 seems more well built (although the n4 wasn't bad) . i get great battery life, especially with android m . i haven't had any lag or reboot problems like i hear some people have with their samsungs and lgs . no bloatware on a phone is a beautiful thing . my old phone used to struggle a little to get signal at my work, but this phone has no problems getting signal at all . i got the phone at a ridiculously low price, so i almost feel a little guilty getting so much for so little . the experience across the board is much improved on a bigger screen- typing, videos, browsing, you name it . because this phone has such small bezels, the size is very manageable and fits easily in all my pockets .   i love this phone . i love the size the minimalist apps and the fact that it gets software updates before any of the carrier phones . i wish it had an led notification light sometimes but have been ok without it . the battery life is good with moderate use if you keep track of battery stealing apps working in the background . this phone has been a perfect pairing with google's project fi  .   love it . worth the money .   pure android, this phone is better than most newer models  .   like the phone, like being out of contract with v even more  .   this phone is awesome! hook it up with google fi and you can't go wrong  .   the screen is to fragile it literally feel out of my hand about 2ft on to my dining room table and the screen shattered . i love this phone . such a great price for the quality of phone . the apps run fast and smooth . a lot of people don't really like the large screen but i think it is much better . it isn't as big and clunky as a tablet and not too small . i also love the screen resolution . better than retina on an iphone i think  . great phone  .   this is a great phone best one i ever had . great phone . the perfect phone . is that a tablet in your pocket or are you just happy to see me? i'm not going to go all out with a bunch of details about this phone because i really just don't have the time, but i will say that the nexus 6 is one of the best phones of the past couple of years if you don't mind carrying a behemoth around in your pocket  .   its very good,fast and with a big screen! i really like it  .   it's a nice phone and it was on sale when i got it for $250 which is a great deal . i have occasionally had issues getting it to connect to the bluetooth in my car ( never had any issues with my other phones) but if i turn the phone off and back on it usually connects  . i upgraded from a nexus 4 to this nexus 6, and i couldn't possibly be happier . this unit was described as used but in very good condition . so, the box itself was a bit beaten up, but once opened, the phone, charger, and cabling may as well have been brand new . this is one of the best technology-related purchasing decisions i've made on amazon, and if i needed another phone, i'd do it again, from this seller, in a heartbeat . the battery life on this phone is, well  . one significant advantage, in my view, that this phone has over the successor nexus 6p model, is that it supports wireless charging . actually, it also supports turbo wireless charging . i bought a'samsung ep-pg920ibugus wireless charging pad with 2a wall charger- black sapphire, and it works just fine . an issue with the nexus 6 as a model is that, depending on how you have the volume set, notification sounds will sometimes be a bit glitched up (meaning, there's a distortion type sound for an instant at the beginning of the notification sound playback) . however, with android 7, i have yet to notice that problem, so the one and only issue i could find with this phone seems to be resolved . all in all, i am totally satisfied with this phone  .   just i can say this is the best  .   great phone for the price .i'm 5'10" and its not too big for my hand .it's faster better than iphone6 plus .i highly recommend it if you have budget around $270  . i'm in love! love the bigger screen too . wireless charging is a big plus . rocking it without a case as well and no issues to speak of . much prefer the white back over the blue back  .   it's a bit bulky - a price i was willing to pay for what i paid . i don't like that the back is not flat . it doesn't sit on a q-charger very well (it does work) . functionally it has been rock solid, charges quickly, keeps a charge well as long as you're using some of the battery saving feature . overall i'm glad i bought the phone (i replaced a samsung galaxy 5) . i love that i own my phone and my phone company doesn't own me! that's my primary reason for purchasing an unlocked phone . i'm running it without issue on the verizon system  .   when it comes to this bad boy the bigger the better . after galaxy phones and iphone i am stuck on my nexus . great phone  .   very disappointed  .   love it  .   specially the dual speakers, the sound it's very good  .   couldn't be happier with this device . i received exactly what i expected, as advertised, and my device is fully functional and working without issue on verizon . anyone looking to get this device from amazon should be happy with their purchase .   love this phone! i feel like it's an appropriate upgrade and a great as a first time phablet if you previously used a nexus 5 like i have . much more powerful, crispy screen and improved hardware . yes it's big, but if you're looking at this phone in the first place you aren't concerned about that, it's an overall great android experience . i also get lots of complements on this phone too, mostly from apple and samsung users! highly recommend  .   i like this phone very much . i like the form factor and sound quality . the nexus 6 debuted in 2014 but is still formidable in 2016 . i run the phone on t-mobile, and it supports band 12 . i'm a happy camper  .   battery life could be better, i get about four hours of heavy active use (streaming), but this phone is a monster with its technical specs . this phone already has a newer version and i don't even care that's how much i like this phone . i made the switch from apple to android and i could not of been happier, especially as an avid chrome supporter . the phone without a case looks rather sleek and sophisticated, however i have mine cased most of the time . works great as an unlocked phone both in the us, germany, italy, and france . love it, especially for the reduced price . very similar feel i think to a note, just not as good, but scales well for the price in my opinion  .   love my phone . hate that there aren't many options out there for accessories . was thinking about an iphone or s5, but love that the screen on this is humongous . great buy for the money  .   love the phone! i have been a nexus fan since the nexus 4, and year after year google keeps improving the nexus line! it is a little bigger for my taste, i am thinking on moving towards the nexus 5c but only because of the size  .   really nice phone . i have it few months now, and i've got no complaints  .   terrible design of hardware .   best phone i ever had, using it with project fi . not perfect, ring volume can be an issue sometimes . best to get a thin case for it that is not slippery cause this phone is big  . love it! paid few hundred dollars less cause of sale . awesome :) . this is the worst android phone i have ever owned . i paid full price for this phone thinking that it would be worth it . google screwed the pooch on this one .   loving it so far  . this is a great price of equipment and is exceeding my expectations  .   even it is out dated flatship it still silky smooth, i am very happy with the purchase . everything i through in there it runs perfectly  .   love this phone .   bought this for my wife, who is a die-hard apple fan . great bang for the buck, with a big screen and 32g . she had had an occasional issue with opening the camera, but other than that is very satisfied . i appreciate the fact that it will get priority android updates . the screen is large and sharp and the sound is good (although still not excellent for listening to music) . seriously, who can afford apple products anymore? there is a point of diminishing returns and we think the nexus 6 hits the sweet spot budget-wise  .   excellent phone, powerhouse with stock os . it's big phone no doubt about it .and if you put case on it, it's even more tough to handle . the worst part about this phone is that it's thinner on lower part and thick at top . this is , at least for me, is big issue . soon after little use, you will feel pain in palm as naturally it's more weight is at top do it will try to incline back . i bought it on thanks giving and stopped using least week as i started having pain in wrist . great phone . it is very fast, the screen is vivid and clear especially with 4k video, the camera has performed fine . photos and videos come out crisp and clear . the storage is great and overall the best phone we have ever used . took a bit but this amazing phone was well worth the price we paid . have no complaints whatsoever . a super bargain at today's prices . if you can adjust to it's size, yes it is big, you will love this phone  .   well at least it does not have carrier crap all over it . works well with sprint . got this for my sister and she loves it so far .  needless to say this is a huge jump in screen size but she couldn't be happier . this is truly a great phone .   awesome phone, . excellent product, very recommendable . amazing phone, great camera, great phone at this price  .   very good  . it is amazing mobile . phone worked fine  .   this is a great phone . my only downer is its huge . that being said, it fast, nice screen, and for the money, an excellent phone that performs as well as most any phone out there . i liked the nexus 6 out of the box, and now i've owned this phone for 3 months . i'm amazed that i'm finding myself liking it more and more every day . getting used to its large footprint took a week or so, but now i wouldn't want to go back to a smaller phone . not only are videos amazing to watch on it, but it's even a pleasure to type thousand-word google docs on it . - build quality: the phone feels tough and has a nice weight . it feels like you are holding a top-quality product . the curved back of the phone makes it feel secure in one hand (i do have very large hands though, an xxl glove size) . - battery life: i use the phone heavily throughout most days, and on a typical day i never need to worry about battery life . i was not a fan of the default dpi setting (items were much too big on the screen for my taste) . - great options for cases . - the loud, high quality front-facing stereo speakers are as awesome as you'd expect them to be . unless you're in a noisy place, you'll have all the volume you could ever want from a phone . cons: - i notice some very minor lag on some graphics intensive programs . it's a speedy phone, just a bit surprising coming from my old galaxy s4 to see the nexus 6 be a hair less jumpy than the gs4 when running radarscope . - rooting is less desirable than other phones because you won't get the frequent nexus ota updates  . good buy for such an amazing phone with latest google os  .   great phone at a great price  . as a guy who loves to play with any phone i can get in my hands, i had to figure out what this device feels like . after 20 minutes of checking its camera, video, and just browsing the web, i felt like returning my galaxy s7 edge that arrived the same day and which i am planning to use with tmobile and ordering one more of these for myself . not replaceable, but during the same day i tested my new s7 edge, and nexus 6 seems to lose the power at the same rate . so i feel like these 2 devices would be equal in terms of hours of use . they are some of the best phone speakers i have heard . i realized that i would love nexus 6 speakers instead of s7 edge bottom speaker which is nothing special . this device is worth all of the 350 dollars it sells on amazon right now . i passed on note five for the reason of not having both, replaceable battery and micro sd card . i dealt with limitations of storage, and now i only get phones with expandable storage . if you are ok with non replaceable battery and no sd card, getting note five instead would be a huge mistake  .   i was so excited to get a phone with stock android marshmallow . sadly this phone has been nothing, but a huge disappointment . there are a few things about the phone i like, but all the misses offset those . this phone is just absurd in size . the width is not an issue and fits comfortably in my hand, but it's too tall . good luck driving with it in your pocket, it is not comfortable at all . another huge flaw for me is the position of the power and volume rocker buttons . on the same side, small and too close together . some reviews say it is decent, but every smart phone i have owned, takes better photos . also, where is my notification led? i have had a smart phone since about 2008, and remember every phone having a notification led .   like new amazing phone only downside is the charger was a bit screwed up and the charging port loose but that's common when it comes to people who use their phones often so i can't really fault the seller for it . worth what i paid  . excellent phone  .   pro: huge amoled screen, speedy processor, plenty of ram and storage; pure android; rounded back is comfortable in the hand . cons: screen may be too big for some; a bit heavy; rounded back sucks on a table  .   the best phone i've ever used . its fast smooth and takes great pictures . the screen in beautiful and bright . google makes great products and you can be assured that this is a great phone  . pleased with performance, screen size and battery life . screen is not as bright or sharp as it's samsung counterpart, but now that it's price has come down its a great value  .   i was abit worried that the phone would be too big, and to be honest it is abit bigger than most phones but i can tell you that within 5 mins i got use to the size and i absolutely love my phone . the screen is big enough for everything and the speakers are awesome . i am happy i made the decision to get this instead of the nexus 5 . i don't think i need a phone smaller than the nexus 6 right now  .   awesome phone . runs fast and smooth . came from a galaxy s4, and this phone is like night and day .   for the price this is an amazing phone . it is super fast . wasn't to sure about the big screen but i dont think i can ever have another phone with a standard screen size . i have been using it with project fi and have been impressed to the service quality .   excellent phone . upgraded from a 6 year old flip phone  .   best phone . it froze for hours, and doesn't updatemotorola nexus 6 unlocked cellphone, 64gb, midnight blue (u . fantastic phone! it looked brand new when i got it and it has been working perfectly since  .   the nexus 6 is an amazing phone . being unlocked, you're not stuck in a contract with any of the big carriers . i originally used straight talk but switched to google fi, which is pretty amazing! the phone has a great forward facing camera and a reasonable self shot camera as well . the screen is large enough to watch videos with friends . the only downfall of the phone is that it is almost too big . while the size is great for some things it is a hindrance to carry around and near impossible to use one handed . i knew it would be big before i bought it, but i didn't realize exactly how big! i suggest playing with one before purchasing, but i still recommend this phone, i thoroughly enjoy mine  .   quite simply the best smartphone ever made . i enjoy the phone  .   still an awesome phone . with the marshmallow update the phone is even better than before  .   got it at a great price and would buy it again . fast and meets all my expectations . fast, big and a nice screen . good camera  .   excellent product  .   however it doesn't support video to tv out the mini hdmi .   good phone if you're getting a deal on it . i got mine refurbished from amazon for $250, a fantastic deal for a smartphone with the kind of specs this thing has . respectable cameras and vivid screen make it a good tool for capturing and seeing photos in the heat of a moment if you know the shortcut buttons . the screen is almost exactly 6" and there's no stylus, so this isn't quite as handy as a note 4/5, and at 6" with a shell case on it, this phone is a lot to handle . i have bigger hands and they just barely can work with this device . in all honesty 6" screens are too much, so i'll replace this device with maybe a note 4/5 since i've used a 4 and its 5 .7" screen was much more comfortable for me when using one hand . but if the size isn't an issue and you're trying to keep costs down, there's a lot of power and good working features with the nexus 6 . lastly, i'm not wowed by the battery life . if you get on this device and start using some more intensive apps, especially games, you're going to have a hard time getting good through most of the last the day . i try to minimize my battery draws and keep screen brightness on auto, but even then i'm lucky to get through a day . whoever thought this was a smart idea doesn't understand that content isn't optimized for anything beyond 1080p, and i'd gladly take that resolution over what the nexus 6 runs just to get an extra 10-15% battery life to get me consistent all-day usage . worthy of consideration for sure, just not quite everything i can ask for in a smartphone  . it's been only a month since i have it, but having been an iphone user all my life, i feel amazed of how easily this transition was . android has become a very intuitive user friendly platform . i can't believe it took me so long to finally change! i couldn't be happier for having jumped into the android pool with this phone . highly recommended  . he is very love it  .   loved it . however, the screen can be a bit grayish when we go on low brightness and battery is not as good as it should be with extensive use it lasts just a day, well good thing there is turbo charging which charges in 45 mins . thirdly, if u want a outstanding camera, this is not a set for you . as smooth as silk . no problems so far  .   in one word perfect phone . good phone . this phone lost connections where nexus 5 keeps . why does manufacture full us by wi-fi calling features? because of fail provide us by cell connection why does old nexus 5 keep lte connection for me? i could do wi-fi calls from ipod . remember, this huge size design is to impress everyone else, ie promotes this useless product after sale, it gives zero advantage to you . i forgot it several times on right seat because it's neither located in pocket, not in cup holder . if you would try amazon kindle reader app, last chance to get advantage from big screen, you'll conclude how improperly power and volume buttons are grouped .   love this phone, big at first get use to it . like new . the screen is great, super fast, love wireless charging, don't need it much huge battery with decent life for a days use (unless my nexus 5)  .   great phone at an amazing price  . he was extremely pleased  .very dissapointed  .   love this phone . no complaints  .   i love this phone . no technical details as there are millions of reviews out there, but for given price, i am satisfied with this phone  .   great device, i used it to join google's project fi, which offers excellent service, and some of the best customer support i have ever had  .   honestly, i love the phone but sometimes the speaker volume is very low even when it's turned up . it happens even when i am in a very quiet place . otherwise, it charges super fast, takes great pictures and overall is very fast  . works perfectly, no sign of cosmetic damage  .   i've had it for two months now, well beyond the initial shock to its size . no doubt it's a massive phone, but i'm not sure i could get a smaller one after getting used to this now . the extra screen real estate makes the phone useful as an every day replacement for basic tasks you used to do on a computer . the turbo charging is also helpful as well  .   excellent! good price and fully functional  .   it fell into ground in the first week and its screen is broken  . i just noticed a few deficiencies  .   work good no problem yet . nice big phone . arrived with a smudge mark on the back which i cannot erase and the box was all taped up with packaging tape . i love the phone and would recommend it  .   this is a gigantic phone, i won't lie to you . i had a hard time deciding if i wanted to use this as a phone or a tablet, the front facing stereo speakers are second to none . there's a lot to like about this phone, but the one thing i did not was battery life, i just couldn't get a full day of use out of it, as compared to the iphone 6s+ or galaxy note 4, which is ridiculous because of how big it is .in the end i returned it, which was a breeze with amazon  .   love it . i hated the 4 , but this one , so far is great  .   very nice,i love it . this is the greatest cell phone value available! i love the nexus 6 because it works on any carrier . i have verizon, and i've had no problems on their network . the nexus 6 gets all the google security updates and other software updates faster than any other phone because they don't have to be tested by the carrier . it frustrates me to buy a new phone, and it's not running the latest software out of the box . additionally, it's made by motorola, my favorite manufacturer . i love their ability to say, "ok google," and wake my phone without touching it . within 30 minutes, i have enough battery to usually make it back home . i'm satisfied with quick charge 2 .0 should be amazing on upcoming devices . i can comfortably see it in any light with little to no adjustment . i'll have a hard time with anything smaller after this beast . they're great devices that probably exceed the needs of an overwhelming majority of smartphone users .   i love this phone, but first phone like this i ever owned . i have problems with bluetooth sound going to max volume . problem solved for now . screen sometimes splits on recovery from sleep .   best phone i've ever owned . great sound . can't go wrong with the nexus 6  .   very bad camera  .   good product with best packing  .   excellent product and price . google fi works great with this phone . glad i chose the nexus 6 phone . excellent phone, but ever since the marshmallow update the battery isn't as great  . i think they are the best  .   top phone . huge, beautiful screen and stock android, which i love . excellent build quality but what else would you expect from motorola  .   love the phone . it's a beast! don't need to spend $$$ on newer phones how fast of a phone do you really need  .   a great portable computer that makes calls too! i can see it  .   simply said, this phone rocks! it's the best android phone i've ever purchased and i even use project-fi for my provider . i bought this phone so i could switch from verizon to project-fi and i'm so glad i did that . project-fi has the best setup, they're more than fair and honest with their customers, and their customer service and phone plans absolutely blow the rest of them out of the water  . i love it  . it is a bit big, but you get pretty used to it, and again, for that price there is just no comparison  .   it‘s looks very nice ＜but how make it works in cdma 3g net in china  .   i absolutely love this phone, i love motorola products . pros: price has dropped huge long battery life wireless charging fast durable quick charger cons: build quality was a little cheap no finger print reader my back lifted a little, manufacturer defect poor customer service . great processing speed and can multitask very well . it's very user friendly and intuitive . the savings on the phone bill alone will cover the cost of this phone in a year when compared to being on a major network  .   just an awesome phone . if you want a big phone for a great price, this is a good one . google and motorola really did a great job with this phone  .   love my phone :)  . bright screen . fast cpu makes for smooth operation . i haven't yet dropped it, but i constantly worry that i will . available battery cases all seem to be garbage . as of this writing, has a very limited selection of rom's available  . moved from republic wireless and not disappointed  .   my review is not good purchased this phone a little over a month and i am having some issues with it one day after removing from the charger it didn't wouldn't restart til about 30 minute it get warm while charging it says the manufacture discontinued this phone when and why . excellent phone, visually impressive and better performance . really like the phone . it is much bigger than i expected .   i absolutely love this phone . the pictures this phone can take are top notch ( i'm speaking as a semi-professional photographer) . i find everything very easy to use and access . the battery life is excellent - we're talking you can easily go 24 hours before you need to charge it . and it's a very tough phone . i do not recommend dropping it face down on a concrete floor as that will shatter the glass screen . i'm on my second nexus 6 because i loved the first one so much that i had to have another one  .   i bought this when i got my project fi set up, and i was ready to go . it worked right out of the box! the best part is--after i rooted the phone and added a custom rom, then had to go back to unrooted with a stock rom, i managed to 'brick' the phone . take the time to learn the features, as a lot of the coolest things on here aren't normally utilized .   exactly what i wanted in a phone with great price point . my concern is i have t-mobile and i cannot upgrade my software . it freezes and reads error codes and does not read sim . please advise i would like it give a higher rating if you can help me resolve this issue . good product and fast shipping . after 2 amazing years with my nexus 5 it was utterly destroyed . lucky for me amazon had a great price on the nexus 6 . honestly i like the size, web pages are a pleasure to view, and use . i loved the battery life on my previous nexus, but this phone is amazing, after a full day in my basement clinic at a hospital i still had 70%, even after moderate use . the screen is bright even at 50% brightness or less . the phone feels amazing in hand . i don't think you could ever go wrong with nexus devices  .   this was my first nexus purchase, and it was a good one . i would have bought other nexus phones before but i have verizon and the only other nexus they ever supported was the galaxy nexus (and we all know how that went) . i love the performance of this phone . even for late 2014 hardware, it still excels in early 2016 .0 marshmallow is fast, clean and efficient . while i do love this phone, i don't use it as my daily driver for 2 main reasons . yes the most common gripe with this phone is the size . because of my work (and already experiencing a spider crack before) i prefer to use a durable case (which also doesn't help the size issue) . i always go with the otterbox defender but oddly they didn't make one for the nexus 6 . overall though it is a good phone with a lot to offer . i definitely recommend this phone, you know, as long as size isn't a big deal of course  .   great phone at a good price, just be careful with the screen it will break pretty easy . great phone . people complain about the size, but size w/ quality is what i was seeking . as for android phones, i rank it among the top of the line . oh, if you have small hands then sorry  .   amazing phone for under $400  .   i bought one for myself, which works perfectly . love the big vivid screen and the phone works very fast .1 on t-mobile, the phone gets stuck on optimizing apps and crashes . restarting only repeats the process and eventually an error message says "no sim . very disappointing  .   outstanding value . a little too big and the camera is not as good as the s5 it replaced . however, i love the clean os  . it's super fast, has a really good screen and android upgrades easy . the one knock on this phone has been it's huge size, but that's exactly what my wife wanted because she doesn't like tablets . hopefully you're happy too  .   great phone all around for great price . not a big deal but it is a bit too big . very bulky in the pocket  .   typing on this phone right now for this review . battery is good unless you are a power user . all phones will drain faster if you play graphic extensive games on it .5hrs to 3hrs when i play games like i said . i like the simple android m .   great price for a seemingly excellent phone thus far  .   good item . i love it, more cost effective than samsung galaxy series . nexus 6 is an awesome phone! my previous phone was a htc one ($650+, unlocked), which was rated the best phone in the world by techradar when i bought it in 2013 . i love this phone . what this phone does better than almost everyone else is: this guy has a huge screen . and it is not one bit uncomfortable on my hand (i am medium built) . even at the currently listed price ($349 for 32 gb), i think this phone is a bargain  . the phone was exactly as described and included a spigen bonus case and a screen protector . very satisfied with my purchase  .   love it  .   it's a good mobile,but it's shortcoming is also obvious:1 .system becomes slower and slower after several weeks .camera is not good enough as expected  . i would love this phone if the amoled screen was much brighter and cooler and the colors had more saturation and if it had a knock on option . the stock android experience makes this phone completely customizable but i didn't download any launchers or icons making it truly authentic android . the speakers are outstanding  .   the best phone i ever used . very fast web browsing, excellent stereo sound  .   i got a good deal on the phone so i'm happy about that . water resistance is a nice perk . video broke in 7 days after using the turbocharger . got a moto x pure, and am much happier  .   upgraded from nexus 4 . not a fan of the phablet, but can't complain for $200 . nice speakers . like the auto wake function  . i love it! it has been fantastic so far . but that doesn't bother me at all . the teeny tiny cellphones were really starting to irritate me; my big fingers hit 3 keys, etc . ok, not exactly that bad, but annoying enough . the battery life is great to . i listen to music all day at work (i download amazon playlists and listen to them offline not using wifi or internet) and the drainage on the battery is only about 50 to 65% . i am not a big talker, but will send several texts, check facebook, etc . again, i love it  .   i love this phone it is the best phone i have owned so far . it is big so you have to watch out when buying accessories to be sure it will fit . otherwise no problems  .   a pure android phone  .   no complaints software wise  .   the screen is big  .   one will have a tough time going to other brands after getting used to this  .   google/motorola designed an almost perfect phone  .   the phone is big  .   camera is the only disappointment   .   wish it were better  .   best phone i have ever had in my hands . it's as big as a bus, lightning fast and works flawlessly . 4g data, hotspot and every other feature work perfectly and it has zero carrier bloat\junk\crapware .   my fiance loves this phone . it was in good condition and arrived 1 day early . seems to work as expected, no problems so far . happy with the purchase  .   works as expected with google fi . best phone i have owned .   great phone . really good excellent deal  .   this is a very nice cellphone, i love it! thanks very much  .   just what i wanted great seller thanks . the nexus 6 is a great phone . needed a different size sim card, but the verizon store was very helpful to provide me with one .   the phone has repeated heating problems and hangs up . no clarity on warranty . it's a great phone without any hiccups . perfect for my hands . pure android experience . works great . the beauty of android platform is that you have so many choices within few years that you can buy a new gadget or device when ever you feel like  .   love it period  .   phones big but i love it  .   baby good, the next time will be selected, and hope that the cheaper  .   one of the best phone i had get . in love with this phone .   nice phone with latest android . good size screen and good battery life . great phone . works perfectly with at&t go phone  .   i can't say enough good things about this phone . i'm glad i got it, and i would buy it again  .   refurbished by motorola, you couldn't find a flaw on it . my brother, the tech wiz who put me on to it, is jealous as hell . i have not used the camera or video yet but i doubt i'll be disappointed  .   warning this is a big phone, dwarfs all others in comparison . great display, great for media consumption, and great as a gps . battery life could be better but overall great phone . also watch out for screen burn in is actually happens on this phone . i have both nexus phones, this one and 6p, will sell the 6p! why? dont know why they made it so tall, the camera is better on the p but nothing else i could think of! plus, i paid this baby 250  .   great phone . super fast . great 6 inch display with very vivid colours . very loud speaker .   i have enjoyed the nexus 6 so far . i have not had any issues with the hardware or software . would recommend to a friend looking for a new phone  .   this is a great device . works perfect on att . after configuring the device to limit background tasks i now get about two days battery life . i recommend this phone  .   blah blah blah great phone but not even close to what's being advertised here . i was so excited about it until i realized mine came boot loader locked and tied to att as carrier (i . no use of hotspot or screen cast) this sucks since i use straight talk and also because you can get this same phone tied to a carrier for about 180 . i felt ripped off and lied to . just fyi lying about your product does not satisfy customers  .   excellent product . once again pure android from google delivers fast, smooth and efficient phones, this time in phablet size  .   love the phone and no att crap preinstalled  .   great phone . i've had this smartphone since november 2015 and it has been a wonderful experience! i've had many different smartphones over the years from many different manufacturers . with each i found myself liking them but wishing for some performance that they were incapable of or required me to make modifications . i wish i could have gotten it at today's prices as it is an even better deal than when i purchased it . while you may find other phones that will have some tech specs better than the nexus 6, none of them will give any better a user experience than the nexus 6 will give you . so if you are looking for best value and best user experience from a phablet class phone then dollar for dollar nothing compares  .   excellent cellphone . nice case, good price . got lucky and picked up this nexus 6 on sale for $249 . pure android with all the usual motorola software goodies . battery life easily lasts me a whole day, occasionally forgetting to plug it in at night and giving it an hour on the rapid charger before work . good enough for my needs! coming from a moto g 1st gen .i was in need of a performance boost, but didn't want a giant phablet as they tend to stab me in the waist when i sit down on my motorcycle . i bit the bait and opted for the monster size phone, even after returning an asus zenfone 2 for being too large . seeing as i have to rdp and ssh into various stuff for work, i felt the larger screen could benefit me there . it's been fantastic for that kind of use, and although the nexus 6 is just a bit large for one handed use, it's wider than my asus zenfone 2 and not as long, so a little less motorcycle stab at my waist . i paired this with a slimarmor case that looks great and has a cheap kickstand that is insanely functional . other than that, audio and display are both excellent, performance is snappy and the stock android makes it a perfect phone for my needs  .   i works well  .   it's a great phone, i love it . wonderful phone .   i have no gripes about this phone . phone is very fast, and has a very beautiful screen  .   about the only thing wrong with this nexus 6 32gb, is that it isn't a 64gb model! the size is perfect for watching media content, and even the occasional typing . the phone is very snappy and responsive, and a huge upgrade over my galaxy note 2 . the battery life is impressively long, and will most times go 2 days before needing to be charged . the included fast charger can usually get me back up to 100% in about 30-40 mins, from 10-15%  .   and beautiful, and even with a screen protector, is one of the best screens i've seen .  can't wait for good 4k content . the most useful feature i like is that when a notification pops up, or i pick up the phone, the screen automatically turns on for about 3 seconds, and you don't have to push the power button . the keyboard & touch response is a perfect 10, with very little lag, prolly attributable to the fact that there isn't a lot of bloatware running all the damn time! the phone shipped with lollipop(5 .0), but i'm already upgraded to 6 .1, and loving the fact that i don't have to wait for android upgrades .  ) doe not get a perfect score from me is that i know the 6p is out there! from what i've read and reviews i've watched if you don't mind spending that kind of money, go for it  . nice phone  . excelent  .   amazing devices . very much like the phone . great battery, gets android updates before anyone else, what else do you need  . the sound is amazing for a phone; it has 2 front-firing speakers . it actually sounds slightly better than the speakers on my nexus 9 tablet . my friends in singapore were amazed at the sound (they are all apple fanatics) . it comes with a turbo charger, which is extremely handy when you are traveling . it is clear enough to read the news (i am a news-aholic), but i would not want to read a novel . a big advantage of a nexus phone/tablet is getting faster updates with no bloatware installed . however, when i first received the phone the os was lollipop, which i found to be unstable and it stuttered occasionally . now that i have been upgraded to marshmallow 6 . my greatest disappointment was the camera . my nexus 5 seemed to take better photos . i am hoping that future software updates will resolve this issue for the nexus 6 . overall, the phone is an excellent phone for the price  . it is also eligible for googlefi, which is a great plan for both domestic and international use  .   not so great battery life, screen is not so great but overall good phone  . no issues with my phone currently and would recommend anyone to get this phone  .   update - 3/23/16 - after less then 3 months of use, the battery became defective or corrupted . the phone got alarmingly hot after less than 10 mins of continuous use, remains scary hot while charging (turned off phone to charge), and battery lasted less than 3 hours after a full use . thank god for amazon awesome customer service . i sort of loss faith in the quality of the nexus line after this, though my nexus 5 still works fine . overall happy with phone after six weeks of heavy usage . major pluses are big amoled screen and getting os patches asap from google (samsung, htc, lenovo, etc can take months-yrs to get os updates out to each of their models) . serious negatives are short battery life even when my screen brightness is always at minimum, i don't let mail apps auto refresh or push, and i don't watch videos . you'll be lucky to get to 5pm from fully charged at 7am :/ . the other negative is that phone will get disturbingly hot after ten minutes of any serious gaming - barely fought five 1-2 minutes fights in mortal kombat x and the phone is scary hot :/ but since i do minimal mkx gaming on this phone, it's good for the value paid  .   great for the $200 pricetag  .   this is a fantastic phone that i use as my "main computer" since i live in a country with no fixed broadband and i do everything on my cellphone rather than a laptop/desktop . this was an upgrade from an lg g2 that i had to return after a few weeks because the touchscreen wasn't working properly/android was crashing regularly . - great screen . i was a bit scared initially that it would be too big but now i feel like i cannot go back to a smaller size . - zipping fast and can handle heavy multi tasking . even with two dozens of pages/apps opened there is no slow-down/glitch - no crap/overlay over android as you get from other manufacturer - solid battery life - you go throughout the day without a pb - good at managing things like attaching documents to emails/reading spreadsheets or ppt . you can even edit spreadsheets if really needed after two months of use i am 99% satisfied of the phone . one minor issue i have had so far is that google fit stopped working  .  bit annoying but not exactly a deal breaker  .   love this phone .   depending upon the price you pay for this phone (it has fluctuated by a good amount in the last 2 months), this is one of the best values on the market . quick rundown: -the qhd screen has decent brightness and color reproduction (although it has a noticeable pink hue below 33% brightness) . -the battery life is sufficient enough that i don't miss having a removable battery, and the charging is quick as well (less than 90 minutes to full charge, less than 15 mins for 25%) . i've tested it by streaming music over lte via bluetooth to my car on a five hour road trip while also using google maps' navigation, and the phone didn't even hit 50%! -the dual front facing speakers are impressive, rivaling some of the best phone speakers i've heard . -after experiencing stock android, its impossible to go back . everything is smooth as butter, and you get ota updates within days of google posting them . supports volte and wifi, the latter of which is especially useful if the reception in your home or office isn't great . -i haven't used the camera enough to thoroughly rate it, but it does seem to be the weakest link in this phone . if you take lots of pictures in varying conditions and want the best quality, that might be the deal-breaker for you . i highly recommend this phone  .   amazing phone is a beast . works in venezuela 3g, 4g lte digitel, movistar, movilnet  .   i had problems with the camera of nexus 6 and little responsailidad by motorolla as they leave much to be desired, is this the main reason that apple is the best option of buying a mobile, whether you like who likes service customer is to follow suit . if you can buy a much better apple and it will cob s atener no problem the customer service, also said that samsung is unfortunate .   simply best phone for the price paid . just lack finger print sensor . everything else works great  .   great for its price . fantastic phone in a fantastic price  .   really liked this over the 6p because it was a little bigger, but unfortunately it would not work with good for enterprise so i had to go with the 6p  .   amazing fast even in late 2015 . love it  .   it's simply a great great phone, the quality and the price are a really god match . i really recommend that you install other launcher once you buy it . it's a beautiful and powerful phone for everyday use; android 6 .   its very nice cell phone i found more than i expected . the phone is wonderful and is what i dream of . but the good: beautiful screen and boy is it bright i love it and it's huge good display . i love the phone size of thought i'd be uncomfortable but he'll i like it . cons: before android updates my phone battery life sucks really bad . but after i did all the upgrades it last alot longer still not good as it advertised . it's also kind of twitchy here and their but got better after the update . i'm happy i got this phone . 4stars for how good it is  . motorola exchanged under warranty, and new phone works perfectly . wish it hadn't been a hassle  .   great phone  . this phone is truly worth every penny spent  . out of the box, it's a fantastic device . the lack of sd card support is a fair criticism of this device, however . personally, i'm no where near my storage limit, though the lack of sd does make twrp backups a bit of an issue . if you've never owned a nexus device, i highly recommend grabbing one of these up while you still can  .   great phone, large screen . one drawback: the power button is too close to the volume button thus i have to look at the buttons when adjusting volume to avoid accidental powering off  .   great device! fast, smart, huge screen . excellent phone, all that you think it is and more . it's a bit large, but easy to read, huge on memory, fast as hell, and the most impressive phablet i have used . highly recommended  .   great phone but arrived more beat up than expected .   amazing deal! i own both the nexus 6 and 6p andbthe nexus6 almost matches nexus 6p in everything  . we all like it very much  .   the unit doesn't appear to be completely new to me as the plastic sheet that covers the screen doesn't stick to the screen nicely like it's coming from the factory first hand . it looks like someone has taken out the screen protector and stick it back in again . why did that happen when i have ordered a new unit? and there are scratches on the back of the unit as well  . stock android is quite lackluster, but fortunately rooting the phone and putting whatever rom you want on it is super easy . way better than my note 4  .   extremely happy with my nexus 6 .   fantastic upgrade from my htc one m8 . i never thought i'd want a "phablet," but after using this, i can't go back! the screen is great - easy to see in direct sunlight . i'm glad they went with front facing speakers also, that was a huge selling point for the m8 . i highly recommend rooting this phone (that's what a nexus is for, right?) and installing a custom rom and kernel .   powerful smartphone awesome screen tuff build not for crybaby a real great tool n mobile entertainment center *** on sale makes it even better ***** . phone was as advertised, fast shipping . camera, for apps like snapchat, are awful . but the actual camera app itself is good quality . the google launcher can be annoying, but there are other launchers you can download in the play store that people often prefer using . "google now" can be a big help . other wise it lasts 3-4 hours which was a disappointment . the charger is pretty quick in charging the battery, a plus . good memory space . love the look of the phone . definitely should buy a case; the phone design is made to break easily, especially when you open the packaging be careful . the phone has frozen once on me after days of having it on continuously . but since then it has been working top notch . it's a fantastic phone considering the key components -- memory space, brand name, and price . cannot find a better phone that includes what the nexus 6 has . i've tried other lesser name brands like blu products, as well as big name brands like samsung . there's good and bad about apple products just like android, and i've used both . depending on the future models of the nexus, and if their camera improves drastically, i will definitely be considering purchasing one again  .   love this phone . after 5 inch galaxy s4 - this phone is superior fast, as a speed of light :) but, sadly, i didn't take into account it's 6" of screen and thick body, so used it only for 2 days, and after sold it to co-worker  .   it works great . i am very happy with my nexus 6 . i bought the 32 gb version and it has worked perfectly . initially, i had a problem with the speaker and volume being too low, but after researching the problem for a couple days i discovered that it was necessary to remove the plastic screen protector that comes with the phone . my previous phone was a samsung captivate glide that was very good, but just too small . i am slowly learning to use all the features of this great phone and look forward to using it for many years to come . battery life has been fantastic compared to the captivate glide  .   this is by far the best android phone i've ever had . great screen, awesome camera , phone is fast and responsive always . pure google experience is amazing  . the nexus 5 has been a great phone and that's why i decided to give the nexus 6 a shot . the screen is an inch larger than my nexus 5 and i didn't think it would be that big of a difference but its like night and day . at first, i was worried that the phone would be too big but its actually one of the best features of the phone . i feel like the size of the phone makes typing easier with less mistakes when compared to the smaller keyboard i was using before . another huge reason why i wanted to stick with the nexus is because it is pure android . it doesnt come with all the extra crap software that other companies put on their phones . i believe this is one of the reasons why these phones hold up and continue to perform well over time . warranty) (discontinued by manufacturer)'works great! i used it with ravpower 3 coil upgraded version, and will not have overheat problem  .   great phone, love mine  .   nice phone .   i love it .   good quality with reasonable price  .   phone is not that good  .camera quality is good but speaker seems to be faulty .   the phone itself is perfect but it keeps giving me a message about downloading an updated that turns into some sort of weird install for a app that i don't want . i bought this as a backup phone and have enjoyed it quite a bit . i usually don't keep them long, but the nexus 6 has proven itself . if you like to try out custom roms/kernels, and have the freedom to do whatever you want with your phone (some oems don't seem to understand this), this was the last great nexus imo . this phone, with its internals and solid build quality, will surely maintain its reputation for years to come  .   very good mobile phone  .   stunning audio and voice call quality  .  good form factor  .   had to work with verizon since the nano card they first created didn't work correctly but after that everything seems great  .   great service . really unlocked, amazing phone for $300 exellent product . nice phone, best value/price forma $250 . sleek and priced adequately . this phone made me orgasm, never been more happier with any other hand help device till date, kudos to motorola for building this powerful yet exquisite beauty and equal credit to google for putting love in it by upgrading it to marshmallow in no time, #nexusforlife ''' . nexus 6 its a great phone big w pure google but have a problem this phone got a bug that the volume speaker dont work like supose to be . i came from a lg g2 and after getting the phones i spent almost an entire day updating all the phones, getting senior loaders set up for my parents, and found myself saying to myself "i really really like this phone ." it is instantly responsive, has all day battery, the quick charge is amazing, and it can handle everything that i threw at it without breaking a sweat . the two front facing speakers are really loud and surprisingly distortion free for such tiny speakers, even at higher volumes . even the camera, which was said to be middling, has done a great job for me and far outperforms my g2 . my wife even said the photos looked as nice or nicer than her previous galaxy s4's photos did . the g2 seems like a baby in comparison now, and although i was afraid it would be too big to hold, i have medium hands for a guy and i can still handle this phone quite easily . it's also amazing for kindle reading and the battery won't immediately die  .  i can't stress how awesome it is to have 9 hours of battery life in full usage . the only complaint would be that this is a beast to have to try to use in a car, so just make sure to have everything set up perfectly before you hit the road . my g2 with the button in the back was easy to reopen a map that had closed, etc, but this beast can be a bit unweildy to turn back on . it's truly sad that they didn't put the fingerprint scanner in this as they had initally planned, as that would have solved those issues . outside of that, even at $350 it's a good deal . it's a perfect phone for older people with hearing problems and eyesight issues . i've used the 6p, it's nice, but in real world situations this is just as good  .   this phone arrived in perfect condition . this was a gift for my husband and he was very happy with the phone . it works well and we have no complaints . i even like it and i am not an android person  .   hello prospective buyers! if you have found yourself looking at this phone, i believe it would be safe to assume you are looking for either a less expensive (though older) phone that may not be quite as capable as the most cutting edge devices, but is still capable nonetheless . i don't use many intensive applications and can't speak to how you might fare with this phone if you want to play the latest games, but if you are looking for a phone with business and light recreational uses in mind, i may be able to help you make an informed decision on whether this is the right phone for you . in my very anecdotal experience, i have not had any problem with needing to charge the phone between unplugging it in the morning and plugging it in right before bed . if your typical usage during the day features roughly 6-8 hours of screen-on time using apps like chrome, gmail, news apps, the sporadic use of miscellaneous banking applications, and 2-4 hours of screen-off time with music applications over bluetooth, you probably won't find yourself having to stop and recharge your phone to get through the day . this problem is decently mitigated by the included wall charger with which you’ll routinely be able to go from roughly 5% battery to 25-30% in 10 or so minutes to push through the last few hours of the day . size --------------- this phone is definitely larger than other phones available on the market . if you purchase this phone, you will probably find yourself using both hands to type, but one hand is generally sufficient for swiping through the news or documents . the keyboard doesn’t feel very cramped even with my thicker fingers, and it has been fairly easy to write longer pieces when necessary . display --------------- there are plenty of reviews with lots of information about how gorgeous the display is from a technical and color standpoint, but i would like to include the fact that this phone (whether through the amoled screen or some other design) is easily viewable, even from angle, when i have polarized sunglasses on . if you find yourself outside and needing to take a quick glance at your cell phone, it’s unlikely you’ll have to deal with the minor annoyance of either waiting until you’ve left the sunlight or temporarily removing your sunglasses if they are polarized . if you’re worried about maintaining a pristine exterior, you will need a phone case . if you are fine with very minor wear and tear, you should be fine without . --------------- if you are interested in phone with new android features and updates, a large display, and a battery life and horsepower sufficient for light to moderate usage, this phone likely won’t disappoint you  .   good phone . it's more expensive, but easy better  . i wasn't sure about the large size, but i've grown to like it a lot . the speed in this things is great  .   nice phone . nice 6 inch diagonally screen, it's a litter bigger than the iphone 6 . nice size for me, i don't have problems seeing the screen .   perfect product and seller . it's great product . big and everything runs smoothly  .   great bang for your buck, exceptional specs, very fast, bright screen, great battery . fast shipping from amazon as well .   this nexus device is top notch  .   cool phone  .   super happy with my new phone  .   excellent build quiality! best of android experience! running smooth, with crear battery life  . it would've been one of the best android phones if they just dialed back the screen to 1080p and improved the camera  . great phone that i got for a great price .   so far works fine  .   nexus 6 is really good  .  i liked it . the nexus is a great phone . it was a 6" phone, so i was already used to the big screen . i was considering getting this where the moto x pure edition, but the moto x was $150 more . that $150 got you a better camera, moto gestures , and a smaller screen size . both are really fast phones, and i'm not a photographer . i've had this for a month now, and it's pretty fast . of course with the nexus, you get updates super fast, so when android n comes out, this phone will be one the first to get it . with amoleds, the pixels turn off whatever dark portions getting shown . is this 2014 phone still worth buying in 2016? definitely . your still getting today's phone specs, 2k amoled screen, android marshmallow, front facing speakers, and a big premium phone . a lot of these specs beat the new iphone 6s plus, and it's bigger  .   good fablet . had some lag when closing apps . the camera was the worst as it took a looooooonnnngggg time to take a picture . the phone gets pretty hot but not unbearable . it frooze once when i was about to take a selfie of me and my coworkers which was pretty embarrassing . the worst part it did not turn off at all . disadvantage of having a unremovable battery . the phone itself is pretty fast i give u that . after using this phone, other phones look very small or the pixels dont catch your eye . the lag whenclosing apps semms to have disappeared . the phone getting hot is still here . comparatively seems a little faster than lolipop  .   battery is easy to be too hot . great pictures and functionality  .   excellent love this phone volume is a bit low  .   excellent and good price .   pure android, what else is there to say  . the phone is definitely on the bigger side and its fast  .   this phone is definitely worth it . the greatest phone i have ever owned . the battery is amazing after you get the marshmallow update, and it has very few performance issues . i was always knocking my phone over in the night with that stupid charging usb cable .   every thing i wanted at a reasonable price . i love this phone . no regrets, the 6 is an excellent phone at a great price  .   i love this phone  . when i put it on in the morning, it says my device is corrupt  .   very fast shiping . love the phone super fast  .   carrying the nexus brand as a somewhat aging product, the great deal that it has is what lured me into getting this mobile device . this is primarily a gift for my wife but i have spent some quality time with it (a good two days worth to be exact) getting things started for her . it does take a good half a day to pull down all the updates/patches before this thing is finally up to date and i have to say, coming from nexus 4, which we are upgrading from is like a breath of fresh air . we also are planning on using this for project fi from google, which should translate into savings that will pay for itself so win-win for us . if you are not into the bleeding edge technology, best screen/camera available, and just simply want a great functional phone with good performance; this is the phone for you  .   this is a great phone . simply the best bang for your buck in the market . is hard for me to consider any other smartphone because i automatically compare it to the nexus 6 and its price . right now the price is high ($350-$400) compared with a few weeks ago ($250-$300) . went through a lot of stress looking through crappy, incomplete guides trying to fix the issue but in the end i dumped this phone and now i'm looking in stores because dealing with this type of thing online really sucks  .   very well, the phone is much better than xiaomi . this is the best phone that i ever had  .   i had no problems with this phone other than it was far too large for me .   very poorly made, bad quality product . on the first week of use the "s" fell off the "nexus" imprint in the back, lame stuff . third week of use had a very soft fall inside my house, crystal cracked, screen seemed fine . screen cracked after 2 weeks of very light usage . to make matters worse after a 1 day of being cracked it completely died on its own and never turned on again . absolutely bad quality product . like new condition, battery lasts a good amount of time . lightning fast speeds . works great with verizon, takes nano sim . i got this on sale, and so far i absolutely love the phone . there are a few knocks on it like it heating up if you are using it on something quite demanding, but that is to be expected . i really enjoy the size of the phone, and just the feel of it in my hand . you'll have to use both of your hands to operate it without the risk of dropping it . my biggest annoyance is how easy it is to turn on and off the phone . the button is so sensitive, but so far that has been my only complaint  . phone works as intended/described .   its great  .   this review is as much about an extremely well designed phone, as it is an end to my apple era . former apple employee (1994-2000) as well as a very long time technologist . not sure why, everything always worked well . but, as i went through the reasonably painless shift of four years of iphone/app usage to my first ever droid, i grew more and more respect for the tight integration and speed of google photos, google now, chrome . the desktop, chromecast, mobile integration works more intuitively than apple's aging cloud apps . i'm not and never have been an intense user of itunes, but even google play and the play store offer many great advantages (pushes apps seamlessly from desktop to mobile) . but google, despite the libertarian in me being wary of how much they know about us all, has an intense user better covered . google fit, works with all of my fitbit, strava, suunto, garmin gear better than the apple health app and apple watch, and i have so much more android wear now to choose from . this nexus 6 have broken the screen of two iphone 6 and then 6s + in the past five months . frustrating, fragile device . the iphone cracks if you look at it the wrong way . the nexus feels nice in my hand, with no case . if i drop it, will report back! hope i do not! i hate cases . the rapid charger works great on the nexus, about 4x faster than the iphone . not the greatest battery life, but i have every high quality tracking and location setting on . the larger screen does not mean a larger phone! nicely done motorola/google! the screen is amoled, and it has better colors, but not quite the crispness of my iphone . all in all, the much better reception, phone quality, and speed make me very happy to have purchased this . i do miss the fingerprint authentication; however, if i wanted it that bad i would have bought the 6p (that phone seemed less well made than the nexus 6) . 3) final musings i fully expected to dislike the android experience . i bleed seven colors, which is what we used to say to each other when i worked at apple under the rainbow logo . yet, i must hand it to google for their engineering prowess, and especially the much improved user interface for just about everything in their massive ecosystem .   upgrading from a s3 and this thing is amazing! it's crazy fast out of the box, but i went ahead and unlocked the bootloader and rooted from the first day . paired with franco kernal and its even faster if thats possible . only thing it lacks is finger print sensor . other than that, i love this  .   best phone i ever owned . i decided to get the nexus 6 over the nexus 6p due to significant price difference . after about a month i couldn't be happier with my 64 gb n6 .nice 6" screen (could be brighter), very good front facing speakers, wireless and fast charging, great battery life on marshmallow and pretty good camera . i also like the metal frame which makes the n6 feel like a premium phone  . it's what i signed up for, i have nobody to blame but myself . it's just too big to carry around . screen, speakers, battery, are all top notch .   perfect  .   a great product and great proceso ($321 with taxes) .1 all is better (battery, speed) . the device is huge but is perfect for movies, web browsing, and music . the front facing speakers are really good  .   this phone would be perfect but you can not put a micro sd card into . it would be nice to have to have additional storage for photos and music  .   i've had any iphone4 , blu windows phone and an lg and i love this phone . great phone at a great price . big but not too big . very easy to carry and very easy to use . a big step forward  . and now i enjoy fast and slim work of 6 . best deal ever for today  .   it is one big phone . if you have smaller hands, i would not recommend it . it works great with the new marshmallow release . i am very happy with it and would recommend it to someone that is used to a larger phone  .   great phone . it's a pretty good phone . i love the fact that it has wireless charging along with a quick charge feature . to be honest i haven't used quick charge yet since i just normally put it on my qi charging when i get home . as for the other features it's pretty much on par with other high end motorola phones  .   i'm happy with the performance, but less than pleased with the design -- i bought online without having ever used one . the rounded back may feel good in the hand, but it slides and spins on any flat surface, even with an installed case . the back is also the most ridiculous fingerprint magnet ever created by man and is smooth and slippery . don't the designers ever use these items before releasing them into the wild  . a textured or rubberized back would be a huge plus! does run quickly with no lag and battery life is very good with my type of usage . i don't believe i got the official t-mobile update which includes support for band 12 since my speeds are pretty bad for 4g lte, about 1 mbps -- pretty much 3g territory . all in all, i'm enjoying the smoothness and the display, but missing the comfortable size and ability to slip into any pocket . will almost surely go a bit smaller for my next phone - more like a 5 inch display  .   awesome phone after updates . blazing fast and camera is really good with the new focusing software  .   worst phone i have ever used the nexus 5 is better than this crap . really big but works very well,, . awesome battery life and very fast phone . it is quite large but because the back is curved it still fits nicely in my pocket and doesn't feel any bigger than my previous oneplus one . i use it with google's projectfi and so far it has good signal strength and is a good all around phone . camera takes comparable pictures to the oneplus one but seems to focus faster and has a better time in low light conditions in my experience  . but iam more than satisfied with this phone for the price paid . it functions super fast and the sound is awesome . the only drawback is the camera ,which takes quite nice pictures but not upto the current market standard when compared to its competitors . but for the price paid i would say its definitely worth it  . the only thing i feel is completely missing is the fingerprint scanner, which will annoy you if you will have to punch in your userid and password each time you visit a web site or open your app  . it is like a tablet, or, put another way, it's like a home away from home . it takes decent pictures, though perhaps not the ultimate . i got this because i wanted to join project fi, and i am very happy with both  . i had great battery life, ended up with 50% by the time my day was over . i originally thought it was too big (too wide) and that was one of the reasons i returned it  . my wife had a refurbished samsung galaxy s4 (second one within a year from screen spots issues and pressing) that she needs another phone as this one now keeps rebooting . a day after, i purchased a used very good one from amazon .com warehouse deals, 64gb version for about the same price and it looks like new . [i think i may keep my droid turbo for now] i won't get into the specifics of why this phone is very good but with minor flaws for the reasons below . motorola has done a fantastic job in making a carrier-free no bloat ware phone . verizon stuffed a lot of apps and i tried to disable as much as i can . very clean and minimalistic which i love . with the exception of the finger print scanner, this bad boy goes toe to toe with the 6p . i've seen a lot of issues with the 6p rebooting and that black thing behind at the top of the 6p . motorola has been in this business for a while now and being a pioneer like the star-tac, razr and reintroduction of moto x to finally where we are today, i must say that they know a thing or two about designing phones . i was even thinking about the pure edition but for the price, i'm game with the nexus 6 . now that i'm holding this phone, it looks great to me . i only have the privilege to watch my shows on the go on my phone and what better way to do it than the nexus 6? perfect viewing . motorola has done a great job with moto connect app and all the security features to make this phone great . however, it's very limited as opposed to the droid . some personalization would have been nice like "nexus 6 baby" . the automated functions are lacking here . also, coming from the droid turbo, i will surely miss moto actions which is absent from the nexus 6 . since i can't remove the google bar (unless of course by disabling the whole google now thing), i wish google would have one with a clear background . another feature i love is the wireless charging . i've been looking at ways to incorporate it should i have purchased a pure edition but it won't be very clean and i would have to give up the usb connection on the phone as there would be a permanent wireless charging receiver . i've seen some few negative reviews and hope those get corrected and hope their experience the second time is a charm .   this phone has a big problem . my callers told me it sound like water is in the phone for the price it is disguishing  .   awesome big phone . good replacement for my former phone (nexus 5) . upper speaker making buzz sound within one month making even louder static buzz within 3 months over this is the worst phone i have ever got .   good  .  but hangs for a second . the phone has a great build quality, but it gets extremely hot when charging with the provided motorola charger, which comes with the turbo charge technology . i know devices can get warm with fast charging, but this one gets really hot . i have many phones and never got one getting so hot and i have some other phones with fast charging too . i switched to another charger - the one for my lumia 1520 - and the nexus temperature went down from very hot to lukewarm . i think the charger is faulty, so i'll put it aside to avoid accidents or the risk of the phone catching fire  .   love this phone . what a bargain! love this phone . beautiful screen, nice big juicy screen that reminds me of my galaxy note 2 . phone is fast! no sluggish experience . $299 with prime was the best deal one can get for such a device .   i have never been more impressed or happier with a cellphone .   best phone in the market . i traded up my note 4 for an iphone 6s but wanted an android phone (and big one at at) for those times during travel or when i needed a big phone . but seriously for an everyday phone, this is way too big to carry around in my pocket . pros ----------------------------------------------- > beautiful design > good performance > high-res display (fhd) > pure android experience > fastest os update > wireless charging capabilities > turbo charging - allows you to charge in less than 30 minutes  . > reasonably priced (bought this for only $245) > google fi wireless service cons ------------------------------------------------ > battery life is below average for a phablet phone . > too big for one-handed use > somewhat bulky - way bigger than my galaxy note 4 . > photos look bad in low-light situations . > older technology (snapdragon 805/adreno 420 gpu) > lacks wifi calling (for t-mobile use) beautiful design this phone is big but classy .27 inches across, its also a little wide for someone with small hand .5 ounces, it's also heavier (and thicker) than my galaxy note 4 but otherwise its very sleek looking and because of the curved back it's actually easier to hold than my note 4 . the nearly six inches of screen makes watching everything much easier and that's not to mention if you're playing graphics-intensive games which also worked smoothly and looked even better . colors and fine details was on par with the best flagship phones . the os has also helped with the sub-par battery life i was getting when it came with android 5 . getting the latest update faster than anyone else is also one of the biggest reasons why you would want to buy a nexus phone and that's not to mention the fact that this phone doesn't come with any garbage carrier or manufacturer installed apps . however my mileage was much less at least not until i upgraded to marshmallow . right now i can go the whole day (with several hours on the phone and fair use of browsing and at 9 pm i still have 25% battery left so this is great . conclusion overall, i am happy with my purchase . but again this is my second phone but if this was my primary phone, i don't know since it is actually a big phone . if you're looking for an inexpensive phablet phone with good performance and clean os, you can't go wrong with this  . the phone is awesome and i give it a solid 4  . it "may" work albeit without lte speeds on us carriers . if you can handle the size this is a great device . make no mistake though it is a big phone . phone upgraded to latest android marshmallow when i powered it up . it runs smooth and fast with stock android . media looks fabulous on the amoled quad hd display . doesn't allow for external sd card but the 32gb internal storage is fine for me . it is still a very good device and can hang with the current flagships out there . since it's a nexus device you can be assured that software updates will be available for the next few years . battery life has been very good, easily gets me through a busy day and the phone supports qi wireless charging and also qualcomm quick charge . camera is good, not great though . my lg g2 camera is better but the n6 camera is good enough for most functions . i highly recommend you purchase a case at the same time you purchase the phone . it's a nice tpu but offers little in the way of serious drop protection . ringke shock absorption scratch resistant drop protection bumper case cover for nexus 6 - smoke black after using the ringke a few days i decided i wanted something that offers more protection so i went with a seidio surface case . i've used those before and have had good luck with them . it offers full protection but doesn't add a lot of bulk to the phone . like i said this is a very big device and your case choice is limited if you're trying to not add bulk to an already big phone . seidio surface case with metal kickstand for motorola nexus 6 - retail packaging - royal blue whether or not the seidio offers more protection remains to be seen and i hope i never drop the nexus 6 to find out . if you're like me and have wanted to try a nexus device, the pricing on the n6 is dropping so you can get a great deal on a great device  .   amazing phone for the price this phone is bulletproof . a very quick delivery, amazing package  .   the phone is fine and comes exactly as described . dont recommend  .   the best phone i've ever owned . root and install purenexus rom, and you'll be in heaven  .   love it . motorola sent me a replacement phone but the replacement has a problem with the vibrator and haptic feedback . sounds like it's actually loose and rattling . the only downside was since the phone is older it had to take 4 updates before it was up to date . great phone compared to the samsung in that the voice call quality is better . i do, however, miss the samsung's built-in feature that shuts the phone off when you close the case  .   when i receive it,it si broken ,i am so sadly . nice display . snappy performance . love the fast charger . screen brightness is slow to auto-adjust when first turned on, so it is overly-bright for maybe five seconds, but that's software and may be improvable [it could be related to the pure nexus 6 . the curved back is a nuisance when using the phone as a table-top calculator, but otherwise is probably more comfortable than a flat back would be . at $300, i like the phone and will probably run the wheels off of it  .   i purchased and set this phone up for a family member and so far it has worked well . obviously being a nexus device, this phone has always been updated with the monthly security updates and has run smoothly day one . i would say that the biggest con for the phone is the fact that the camera isn't the best but it does take pictures that should be good enough to show off to friends/family  . it was so helpful to receive up to date tracking info with my purchase and the 2 free phone cases made it even more sweet  . great screen okay camera great price nowdays i say go for it if you want pure android experience without paying extra for nexus 6p or 5x . no bloatware--just android in its pure form . hd audio calling on t-mobile works like a charm . front facing camera quality could be better but at this price point it's very acceptable . rear facing images are good but not great when compared to leading flagships phones . most people will be very satisfied with the image quality .   great phone and excellent shopping experience . worst phone with audio issue   .   seems many has this problem  .   phone is perfectly fine except this issue   . kudos to amazon warehouse deals! phone came in new condition and works perfectly . as for the phone (after i gotnused tonthe size) its great  .   amazing phone, great price  .   i love it and i just wanted a new upgrade for christmas . so i decided to get this and i'm proud i did . some people suggested the 6p but i didn't feel like spending the extra money to get it . great phone! it's big, but if you are looking for an unlocked phone here you probably already know the dimensions of it  .   me and my husband love these phones . awesome big screen and long battery life as well as runs super fast and 32gb of space  .   awesome, easy phone . i have really enjoyed the shopping experience with amazon . we give this a gift to my daughter and she loves it, especially the resolution of the camera  . my previous phone was the htc one m7, which i love but my battery was starting to give out after three years of use . perfect excuse to upgrade to the nexus 6 . my initial experience with the nexus 6 is a positive one although there are a couple things i would change: 1 . i wish the power button were located at the top of the phone like my old m7 . the camera just doesn't seem as good as the camera i had on my m7 . the led flash isn't as bright either . i absolutely love the huge screen! i will never go back to a smaller screen size . they are nearly as good as the boom sound speakers on my htc one . they have great volume and clear sound . it's a great experience watching tv or movies on this phone! the price was what convinced me to buy this phone . it gets me through a day at work with moderate use . i love that it has built in wireless charging . i have an anker wireless charge pad i purchased on amazon on my nightstand which works great even with the spigen bumper case i have on the phone . i am happy with the phone and knowing i saved myself around $400 it feels even better  .   excellent smartphone  .   love the phone  .  great   .  big screen . what an amazing phone . just love it . super elegant and sophisticated  . first, although android was inconvenient, it is often used while very happy now  .   very nice phone and nice price . my first motorola and very pleased so far  .   khan lee is awesome  .   came in perfect condition, and the only thing not perfect was the box, so who cares? i get the pure android experience without all the phone brand garbage apps (android 6 marshmallow by the way), and i got on project fi, which is google's own phone service that is much less expensive than any other service . hardware wise, this phone is no slouch either, with a qhd screen (like a 4k tv), stereo speakers, an elegant design, and a 13 gb image sensor that allows you to take incredibly good photos and 4k video  .   what's not to love about this  .   great phone, great value . still a great phone and this purchase was a great price .   this phone truly exceeded my expectations . my only gripe is the size of the phone  .   it is big and takes a little time to get used to . the screen is very vibrant and worth the extra real estate space . it has been a joy to text, read, and view videos on  .   amazing phone , bought as part of thanks giving deal  . bought 2 and totally happy  .   love it, good purchase, . best android everrrrrrrr! love the size, no bloatware, and best of all battery live + fast charge . excellent phone at attractive prices . the screen is perfect size as it function as both phone and tablet  .   great item as described  .   love this phone and at this price it's a no brained . it's big so if you're used to a smaller phone it may take some getting used to . it works great for me and the phone is extremely responsive . i'm on project fi and that also is great on this phone  .   i'm beyond happy with this for $300 it was a no brainer i like it more then my moto x pure and i hope everyone knows it takes a nano sim not micro cause i didn't xd . excellent phone  .   it runs fast and use less power compare with lg . but after the system upgraded to 6 . the pics looks great when i compared it with my cannon g16  .   awesome   .  i like the size and reviews were good too  .  nothing went wrong   .  better than my expectation   .  on top of that android 6  .  no stupid touchwiz   .  and hard to see a diff if u just click and ahoot user  .  if u like phablet u cant be wrong with it . great for the price  .   it's a big difference .   an out the box updates ready to marshmallow 6 . the phone is fast  . love the phone  .   better than i expected it  . i'm very happy with my purchase . i like this phone . i can pretty much always make or receive a phone call though  .   great overall phone . i use it for business evey day and even with heavy processor usage it hasn't hung up or crashed yet . it takes great photos, better than my dslr .the exterior is super slippery, so a cover is a must . the sound is so so and its sometimes hard to hear the person on the other side . i got the phone new but almost half off, which is good because otherwise i'd be disappointed . so as long as you don't pay full price you will be very happy with a great phone  . wonderful product and i am loving it . i have no complaints as far as this phone is concerned . works great and i got a great deal on it  .   excellent phablet, especially for the sale price . my only disappointment is entirely due to the fact that i didn't more closely read the specs: no notification light  .   great phone . + really big screen, very nice display . + fast processing and highly responsive . + great sound . perfect for videos and movies . + good price . little difficult for one hand operation . most people might need to adjust their mobile handling habits when upgrading to this from a smaller phone  .   it works great . but sometimes the screen goes crazy and pixalated .   nice phone, and it was indeed the us model . and it was a very good deal for that price . i did not like the default google now launcher, so i've installed my old smart launcher and everything is smooth now . marshmallow upgrade took sometime but it was effortless  .   the phone works great .   great phone! no complaints  .   the best phone iv'e had, right up there with nokia 3310  . when in charging, it will hot for around 5 minutes  .   good phone  . when i saw the screen, it was just the right size, my father has big fingers and also is having hard times reading from small screens, and its fast great product  . i love it  .   amazing phone . loving it  .   great phone for my teen son  .   charger drains battery   .   if size is not an issue then you just found the phone of your dreams  .   awesome phone  .   proud owner of it . great phone! takes little bit more than an hour to charge all the way through and the battery lasts all day [i use bluetooth pretty much all day when away from home] . i am disappointed in the battery life, but like the size  .   works good for me . i would simply say, this is my most perfect purchase and i love the awesome and fantabolous phone too much . nexus 6 is the best android in universe in this price  .   excellent phone with good features no doubt  .   may be a little too big in size which has led to the reduction of the same with the next model nexus 6p  .   kudos to the team! n thanks amazon for its prompt n expedited delivery as always! keep up the good work  . my husband and i both love them . thought i might not like as a lot bigger than my last phone, but i think it would be very hard to go back to a smaller phone . i love being able to see everything more clearly and everything fits on my home screen now (in folders)  . the phone packaging was great as usual . seemed like a some form a manufacturing defect, but didn't return assuming that it is not a defect . no issues were identified yet .   cons: it is a bigger phone then i am used to, but now it has been a couple of weeks and i am ok with it . the battery is better then expected after reading other reviews .) the call quality is awesome using on metro pcs in nyc . i would recommend this phone see below .i took this photo with it's awesome camera . best phone i ever bought .   i've had the phone for 2 weeks now and i really love everything about this phone but earlier this week, i was watching some youtube videos and all of the sudden half the screen stopped working . it's randomly happened twice now since then so i ordered a replacement . from a quick google search this is a problem some people are having and that it's a hardware issue so crossing my fingers that the replacement doesn't run into it because i like this phone so much  . very fast, good display and good price! thanks dealer  .   great phone for the price  .   though some people have an issue with the size of this phone, let me assure you that as someone coming from an iphone 5s, the nexus 6 is a revelation! i simply could not go back to a small screen phone . in addition, the speed and velvety smooth operation of this beast is truly awesome . considering i purchased the 64gb model for $299, i am more than happy and satisfied with my purchase . this is an amazingly powerful media consumption and mobile productivity tool . the android version it comes with is pretty good too . being a loyal iphone user it wasn't that hard to move to android using this phone  .   best phone i've owned, hands down . camera is better than anticipated . as good as any phone out there  . it's an amazing phone and it was for an amazing price .   good one . first, it is large and hard to hold . the price was right, but having some consumer dissonance on this one . i feel better already! :) . i love this phone . very happy with this phone . i was expecting to be disappointed after reading some of the reviews . if you are looking for a bigger screen this phone is perfect, not to mention the great price . sooo very happy with this purchase . so far, google fi network is great too  . if you don't like samsung, this is a good alternative for android  .   this is an amazing cellphone that in my opinion is still relevant today  .   i got my nexus yesterday, seemed a little big in the hands but awwww my its a lovely phone  .   i love it  .   well over a month into my ownership, the phone is still performing very well . the battery retains charge for well over 24 hours with fairly light use, including some youtube/music/twitch/netflix (~1 hour/day) use . screen is bright and responsive .0+) os is very nice  .   yes, this is last year's flagship but it is still an excellent phone . you get all the latest android updates as they come out, including the all important monthly security patches . the screen is big and beautiful, the sound quality is great and it is made by motorola and very similar to their moto x . if you have small pockets, you may want to consider something else . there is no fingerprint scanner on this phone but i don't think that is a big deal . i've been very happy with it so far . happy enough that i got another one for my son  .   this mobile for the price is considered one of the best android mobiles ever  . the build and shape is unique, the operating system is regularly updated, and the mobile all around is fun to use . amazing phone by google/motorola, a little bit big and took some getting used to . i ordered the phone from amazon due to the better price and no carrier installed software . it can be hard to find a case you like but there are some options . all in all its faster, seems to be of better resolution, the speakers face you, so its great for movies, and the camera seems to take better pictures .   great product from google . loved it using  .   a lot like my moto g 2nd gen . the battery life was not good the first couple of days, and it gets hot when charging i believe it is the fast charge . i have only had it a few days, so i hope it holds up like the g . it is a big phone and at times i have trouble finding the ear speaker . it is fast and the lte is so much faster than my g with 3g  .   good phone, hardly perfect, its sorely lacking basic features . easy ringplus+ activation using 446c sim . (+)screen resolution - 1440p - video playback is stunning i never thought i could consume video on a phone/tablet (+)dual front facing speakers - just a massive improvement on any phone speakers i have heard . (+) battery life is good not great (+)$249 (-)overall form factor is too large . (-)no top bottom orientation reference . (-)just plain awful screen brightness in direct sun . (-)no indicator lights (-)vibration unit is too strong, too frequent, and sounds loose and cheap .0 slow transfer (-)rounded back makes magnetic holders difficult or impossible to use . few options for car holders because awkward size shape . good item i like . i bought this as a gift for my grandson, he is tickled! thank you  .   great deal  .   great phone, i used to have a samsung galaxy s3 prior to this phone . nexus 6 is a huge phone for people with small hands like me, but you get used to it in no time . the only downside is that i can't seem to use the phone with just one hand like i used to with samsung s3 . but, the phone has great audio, camera, and is super fast! i use it with t-mobile (and have used it with cricket wireless)  .   super phone for super price  .   even worse than the phone i used 5 years ago . i hated it . i assumed that google phone is fast and stable . but this one just make me feel disappoint with google . i hated it  . even for big hand . next time i will prefer 5 . but watching videos and playing games is much comfortable on it . second point is that i like amoled screens more than ips screens . i'm ok with that, file transfer speed over usb is good enough . 32gb or even 64gb as in my n6 right now is enough for everything . not a small concern . i did like color diode in n5 but i don't like in n6 . but what is really good in comparing with n5 is that wifi and 4g/3g signal is much better on this phone . also battery is not bad either . in general i like it  .   big phone with a grew screen and battery life . 64gb is enough space . a great product . i bought it on black friday for $200, a great deal . a big step . so far, i love it . great experience to watch video . battery is good enough to use . i use it to read and browse all day, found it good enough for a day use . and the charger that came with it can fast charge it from empty to full in less than 2 hours .0, a much better experience  .   purchase was easy via amazon . amazon was excellent on return and replacement . the screen real estate is enough to make surfing or movie watching enjoyable . glad i bought it .   i just received my nexus 6 unit last week and have been very happy with everything about it . i tried the apple 6 plus earlier, but actually had two of them fail due to different hardware issues . had the boys at the genius bar diagnose both and agreed it was not user error . got my full refund ($649+$99 apple care+ tax) . gotta say, it has been like having the 6 plus again, w/o the hardware issues of the apple . people who like the apple camera will love the nexus camera . great photos! the "ok google  .  " feature (like siri) seems to work voice-recognition near-perfectly, as did siri . i was even able to transfer my very large "contacts" list over from apple w/o losing a thing! (check youtube for details on the easy process) . quite honestly, i haven't found anything i've lost from the apple 6 plus other than the obvious extra cost . i think i'm beginning to feel better about the nexus performance than the apple . i am not a guy that gets into the weeds about the features and benefits of a cell phone, just a more casual user that likes more of the basics  .   excellent phone, full fit all the functionality that i need . the best choice  .   very nice it is . though he needn't to use much of apps, he kinda of like it  . i love the battery life compared to my previous nexus 5 . i am still getting used to the size, but reading, pictures and videos are awesome on it  .   the phone get hot easily . worst phone  .   i love it . the phone exceeded my expectations  . happy with it so far (less than a month) . side is adequate for use as a tablet and just about acceptable for use as a phone  .   best cellphone i have ever owned  .   nice phone . i like it for its size  .   excellent product and awesome customer service by amazon . this is an excellent phone at 200 dollars  .   this is an excellent phone . at a screen size of 6 inches, it is huge and feels bulky in the pocket .   best smartphone i have ever owned . my ideal size would be a *slightly* smaller version, but i have grown accustomed to the size and don't even think about it anymore . this is, unfortunately, the fourth phone i have had in the last year (two samsungs), but this is the best of the bunch . samsung really needs to address their screens, they break too easily and replacement parts are exorbitant . very glad i made this purchase  .   i like but it's so big for me . i prefer the new nexus 6p . beautiful appearance and easy to use  .   great bargain  .   excellent product . awesome handset . great screen! but when the phone in use, the display turns off unless use of the speaker or bluetooth! drop calls but not b phone fought,! i love it though! nice and smooth! camera could b better but i bought for 250! can't beat it  .   this is an amazing phone for $250 . i wanted to get the nexus 6p but to be honest the nexus 6 still does an amazing job . compare to the price of the 6p, this is a better deal . fast charging, wireless charging, great speed, amazing display, latest os marshmallow 6 .1 and an ok camera, you can't go wrong with this phone . i guess the biggest con is the cameras, rear is ok but the front is just awful  .   looks like i got lucky . definitely worth paying the 250 for it . it looks bradnew and works great worth the extra 20bux in my opinion  .   i don't like it . too big for me maybe cause i got so used to the n4 . also i miss a lot of features from the n4 . camera improved a lot tho  .   a great product except the huge size  . actually to nice that it got stolen on the third day :( it was a gift to my boyfriend . this phone met all the expectations and he was really enjoying it . the screen was large enough, links to google account, fast operating system, high resolution, and all the good stuff . too bad it got stolen . hope whoever has it now gets good use of it, and treasure it as much as we did  .   nice phone . if the display was a bit brighter, and it had removable storage and battery, this would be my perfect phone  .   so far so good with the nexus 6  . very nice phone for $250 price tag, 6 inch screen maybe little big for girls . it works perfectly, the camera takes owsome pictures, the voice valume is very good and i have plenty of selections for all choices of portals to use . a fine mobile smart phone  . got my free sim upgrade from att as the old cut sim was holding my download speeds to 8mbps . no hiccups so far and loving the speed . amazing that a phone is faster than a few of my pcs that are currently running in various capacities . it is a huge unit, but it works for my aging eyes .   are you kidding me? this is one great phone . love it . great buy . great product  .   good phone almost for free  . we've not had any problems after updating to marshmallow 6 . better than my nexus 6p, which has a larger battery and slightly smaller screen . the nexus 6 is fast, stable and marshmallow 6 . the only problem we've had was with the proximity sensor when using a screen protector . the protector interferes with the sensors operation . we removed the screen protectors and the problem went away . with gorilla glass 3, i doubt the screen protector offers much, if any additional protection  .   by far the best cell i used ever and cheap too . motorola is trying a come back, enjoy it  . personally, although my hands are not huge, i had no problem transitioning from a "small" 5" phone (nexus 5) to this 6" inch giant, very few weaknesses, unless you are a photo buff (the camera is somewhat weaker than that of a samsung galaxy, but for what i use it for, still completely adequate) . i am still in awe at how much technology and user-friendliness you can buy(android marshmallow is excellent and getter better all the time) for a mere $300 today . imho there is no justification for shelling out an extra $250 for the nexus 6p, unless money is no object to you . moreover, the nexus 6 built quality is far superior to that of the nexus 6p which is a flimsy piece of aluminum . this consideration tipped the balance for me when looking for a phone to replace my beloved nexus 5 . for full disclosure, my opinion is influenced by the fact that i could not care less about toting the sleekest, greatest looking gizmo in my pocket (not that the nexus 6 is a bad looking phone in my opinion) . perfect  .   neat android  .   enjoy it . great phone at a good price  .   great phone so far . i was able to use the phone right off the bat on the verizon network with no problem at all . i have had no issues using the phone so far on the verizon network . the quick charger that comes with the phone is great, so even if you do need to give it a little boost during the day it's so quick that it's not a hassle . call quality is good, no complaints there either . the camera is decent though i haven't used it too much yet . all in all i'm very pleased and hope the phone keeps holding up well . my only current complaint is the phone has no message light indicator . i've heard that the phone does actually have one hidden under the top speaker area, but to activate it you need to root the phone which effectively voids your warranty so i'm not sure i want to do that .   nice phone . love it . very nice phone, though it can get very hot easily after playing a game for about 15 minutes it can drain your phone's battery down about 4 percent . good camera for social media etc . i'm getting good 4g lte speed with t-mobile from california . overall this is a very good phone and has a good battery, a good camera, good signal from the big companies such as t-mobile verizon atnt and sprint . also do not fear of the big screen i got used to it in about 2 days and this is me coming from a 4 . shipped fast and worked as expected . beautiful display  .   this is good as my expectation  . nexus 6 is better than samsung galaxy' . great phone .   absolutely loved my nexus 6 and i recommend this if you are looking for an android phone . other than that, it's great  .   nice phone, sound quality is great, single nano sim device  .   no phone can beat this price update: the phone work great at the beginning but suddenly and without any reason the rear camera stopped . i discovered it's a common issue in nexus phones but unfortunately i was not a ware of it   .   the phone is still in the one year warranty but unfortunately this happen after 30 day of returning so i contacted motorola but they ask me to contact the seller   .   i contacted amazon and they offer replacement but no new phones were available at same model (64 gb) so they offer refund but i had to pay 59$ restocking fee for a nexus defective unit . would not recommend any nexus phone to anyone . great phone, highly recommended  . really like the large screen  .   best phone i have ever owned . love the size  .   really good mobile compared with price  .   decent phone but the wifi sucks . that's my only complaint really, but that dedicatedly sucks  . google and the nexus 6 have made it so that the wifi hotspot is disabled without going through your carrier .net and use the usb or bluetooth but that sucks for tablets  .   great phone .   good phone . they locked some features such as notification light and double tap weak up . also there is no option the show battery percentage on the top of the screen . other then i love my new phone  .   great phone as long as you don't mind carrying a humongous phone  .   excellent smartphone i have ever had . faster battery is lasting in normal use to 2 days . really i recommend to any one want practically smartphone . good value, nice screen that create good color  .   great phone at a great price  .   have been using this for a few months overall performance is ok, though i haven't loaded it with apps there are some intermittent hanging issues and also especially camera app hangs . overall picture quality and battery standby is good  .   perfect mobile phone,i just love it  .   quality is very good  . she has had no complaints and she like the larger screen  .   great phone, battery lasts all day! wifi is slow possibly due to marshmallow and not so great camera and calendar app  .   us model, works great .   buggy phone after update . occassional unresponsive screen when typing  . locks up and freezes  .   for $264 - one of the best phones with 64gb and 5 .   i purchased this phone on a promotional deal and i could not be more thrilled with this product . the phone is a little large, but it's a terrific phone with great features, easy to use software, and is high quality . excellent phone, large screen display  .   excellent phone  .   like it, good phone . i am very pleased with this phone, it is such a joy to experience google os without the extra apps . i picked it up a year late for cheap, which makes it a great value  .   great phone . great phone for basic tasks responsive and trouble free so far will give further review in 6 months time . one worked well . the battery life is much better than nexus 4 . there was no way for me to hang up the phone or check voice message . overall, i like the phone . but the quality check at manufacturer should be more stringent  .   it broke after only one phone call and burned out my sim card . nice phone to have it  .   nexus 6 works great . no problems with it . unlocked and works great on my sprint plan . shipped right on time  .   great phone  .   not happy with the spilt screen issue  .   the nexus 6 is a great phone . i like the fact that it works on both gsm nd tdma networks . it is robust and wide display allows me to read books comfortably . using it on the internet is a pleasure  . good phone  .   like the phone will recommend . awesome phone running the latest software . all the google apps suite run flawlessly  .   great phone, well designed, marshmallow is great  .   awsome phone, a lot better than the galaxy s6  .   it doesn't work with those class screen protector, which cause black screen when call in/out, and cannot be recovered unless the other side hang up  .   good phone, good price . i did not like it because for the following reasons . 2- even though i installed the latest software, its always prompt me to update/install the later update, . but it was a good value -- about $250 for an new-in-box, unlocked, 64gb, pure android device that should provide good service for an indefinite period of time . that stated, it has performed flawlessly from the initial activation with my carrier, and does everything it's asked to do . it's still early enough that there may be some features or functionality that falls short of my expectations, but i'm a fan at this point . if something significant comes up, i'll edit my review when that happens . for the record, i'm normally hesitant to give a full 5-star rating so early into the ownership history of any product i've purchased . but i've made an exception in this case, because i'm very impressed with the bang-for-the buck and initial performance of this device .   ordered it for my brother in law, shipping was real fast and update to m6 software as soon as you turn it on he said he likes it very much  . everything great except the camera , the front camera it not good at nigth . i really wanted to like this phone . the battery life was good the screen was nice the phone was big . but that's to be expected when buying this type of smart phone . the problem was with it randomly rebooting all day long . i tried clearing the cache partitions and factory reset running in safe mode but it kept doing it . sorry nexus i really wanted to like you  .   good product! i bought two . great price  .   great phone at a great price . he loves it  .   great phone  .   great phone  .   i wish it has an led indicator   . got an amazing deal on this brand new nexus 6 and i couldn't pass it up .   i absolutely love this phone . it is definitely a bit big but i knew that going in and was expecting it . it is fast, easy to use, beautiful screen, and a very attractive design . for reference i upgraded to this from an htc one m7 that i was fairly happy with besides the camera being absolute garbage . the camera on the nexus 6 is decent and gets the job done . takes relatively good pictures . overall this is a great phone and is worth the 300 dollars i paid for it  .   why do i open the phone box to see a lot of dust as well as mobile phone screen protector on the phone screen film with bubbles . this phone is not someone drained away  .   perfect perfect perfect! excellent phone and no hiccups . used it with at&t network with no problems and now using it with google fi which is fine but probably going back to at&t since fi for work is not working out (when connects to sprint network can't use data and be on a call at the same time which it is causing me some trouble) . anyways, the phone feels great on my hand, use it with one hand all the time . my only complaint has been some light scuffs/ light scratches middle bezel/frame that i have no idea how it happen since i been super careful with it, making me think that it is very sensitive . i finally got my nillkin slim border bumper case, my dbrand skin, and temper glass all together, and the phone looks great . the battery rarely last a full 8 hours but i do use it for work and it is in constant use, plus the browser for work is a battery drainer so can't really blame the phone . after handling the phone for a few weeks now my sgs4 feels super tiny and don't see my self getting anything smaller unless it is a 5 . the features in the phone are great with marshmallow and it is a good feeling knowing that you are running the latest thing and that you are getting the next update first (at least for a few years) . definitely recommend this phone to anyone unless you have smaller hands and feel uncomfortable handling the phone with two hands . excellent buy  .   bad battery performance . nice phone but, too big to carry around  .   i was excited when i received the phone . i have an lg v10 and that phone takes better photos but when you're under sunlight, it is terrible as you'd have to turn the screen all the way up . for $250 "32gb model" you can't go wrong  .   the best phone i've ever had  .   phone works great with the exception of the default camera  .   i love it  .   this is the best phone i have ever owned, and one of the best value phones as well . at under $300, you're getting a phone that's faster than most other phones, is updated regularly by google (currently with android 6 .0 marshmallow), and has a beautiful 1440p 6 . i originally got it because of the screen, but i really love the entire package . i have pretty big hands, so holding it is not a problem, but if you have small hands it might be like using a small tablet . the battery life is very good, i'm able to go from 11:30am to evening ending at around 30%, keep in mind the 1440p screen does drain battery life faster than a lower resolution one, but it is well worth it . i love this phone  .   i love love love love my nexus 6! i can't even imagine using a phone with a smaller screen after being spoiled by this thing . it is the perfect size and fits in my pocket without any issues . my only complaint is with the google now launcher that you can't shrink the icons, but i downloaded zen ui launcher and fixed that issue . this is the perfect phone for the perfect price . i highly recommend purchasing the nexus 6 or the nexus 6p  .   awesome phone . it froze up (i got a bad one) and it was too big to comfortably carry, too awkward trying to meanuver the very wide phone it into any pocket, too wide to operate it with one hand (and i wear at a minimum large men's gloves) . bright screen . when it wasn't frozen it was fast with three gb ram . but the large phablet form factor made these positives irrelevant . i would not recommend this based on my experience . i went back to my slower but handy fire phone  .   too big and too good . great phone and in my case it eliminates the need for tablet . very happy with my purchase  . and coming from an s4, was a great upgrade  .   a whole new experience with android, love it so far . love the phone couldn't be happier . ordered this phone for my son and he loved it . this phone is super large, lots of great features, you can use it with any service provider - what not to like about it . however, gps as well as data synchronization would not work on our phone .   love it! best phone ever . paired with google project fi, this is a great combination  . best smartphone i've owned  .   i gave this phone to my dad as a christmas present and he really likes it  .   the only downside is that its too big and it barely fits in his pockets due to this reason he lost it once already but found it again thank god . we love the quality of the camera and the 64 gb it fits lots of info  .   a good phone, i'm satisfied  . the phone arrived with several dents on its body and a lot of fingerprints all over the screen, like it had been manipulated a lot . i know it's not a big deal, since it works fine, but i'm used to higher standards from amazon .   brand new - day one crashed 3 times . volume fluctuated up and down on calls for no reason, screen froze when placing a call, and this morning when receiving a call . both times required hard reboot, which took exceedingly long - longer than any other phone i ever owned . camera is abysmal  . great all-round phone  .   great phone . easy to use and great battery life  . this phone is definitely the fastest in terms of processing and general moving around . you cannot go wrong with this phone at that price . especially when you talk about timely updates straight from google and the latest android operating system .   i tried for two weeks to get this phone to work reliably on lte with t-mobile . - streaming music while driving was almost impossible, the stream disconnecting every 3-5 minutes - strength signal chart shows mostly orange and red, when according to t-mobile lte coverage map i should have excellent signal i opened a ticket with t-mobile to investigate this problem, and they said the problem is definitely not on their side . i tend to believe them because my old phone (nexus 5) works perfectly in the same places and same conditions . very disappointed in this phone . it has very nice screen, with glorious colors . no hesitation in operations (i play mortal combat x), high stereo sounds, very good fast charger (included), very high photo quality . i feel like it's very mine . the only thing i don't like is flashlight which is not so strong as i expected and is white-cold colored -> i like yellow colored flashlight, but for them who likes this color and big screens, for such price nexus 6 is one of the best  .   just received my package today and i am very pleased with it . swicthed from iphone as the price diffeence was impossible to ignore . i really love it  .   the nexus 6 is one awesome phone . very fast phone, excellent battery life, excellent support for the latest version of android, and it's unlocked . using at&t, and works flawlessly . watch out for a few apps that can drain your battery . used gsam battery app to determine it was a bad app . removed the bad app and battery life is back to a day and a half . the only downside i could see about this phone is the screen size . it's somewhat challenging to use the nexus 6 with one hand . but aside from that, the screen is clear, colors are vibrant and resolution is incredible . i would definitely recommend the nexus 6, especially since the prices have been slashed recently  .   amazing phone . excellent price . it is very big but i'm getting used to it . i like to get unlocked phones that are a year or so old and put them on a prepaid plan . granted only had this phone a couple of days but really seems to be best phone i've owned . group text works in the native app which is nice as prior phone required a 3p app for it to work . the two front speakers really make a big difference as well . nothing alarming about battery life yet as i've read the updates help that issue . i would recommend giving this phone a look . i haven't seen a better value out there currently . received on time and great buy  . very very nice phone , i recommend any one to get it . good performance, good design, good quarlity  .   the phone is big, and sometimes not comfortable to hold with one hand, while the big screen also could give a fantastic visual experience . due to the big screen, the battery is not good as i expected . the quick charge is very useful, i won't need to worry about the battery  .   hope is still so cheap $199 . little oversized but great value for money  .   i wanted to hate this phone because the nexus fanboys wouldn't stop talking about it, but it lives up to the hype . great camera, beautiful screen and design, decent battery life, and, of course, pure android . this is a steal at the prices being offered  .   this is a very good phone, it feels great to hold and it isn't very thick . the battery is great too . and for this price its amazing  .   killer device! motorola and google knocked this one clear outta the park  .   price is intresting but has a manfacturing defect, volume decreses automatically when played in loud speaker,and frames struck when playing youtube in portrait mode, i googled it, it was clear that it is manfacturing defect, i need to replace it,waste of time . plenty of glitches, randomly closes various apps . after 6 months of ownership it stutters and is extremely slow . the internet is spotty when used with project fi . you have to go into the phone settings and set it to lte only every time it disconnects from wifi or you'll be connected to really poor internet . in general, my second disappointing motorola phone in a row and third disappointing android in a row  .   it's a excelent phone for my fingers . is a great phone, batery life great, charges fast, really fast performance, sadly is not working the 4g lte in mexico, need to check with movistar what's going wrong . great phone for a great price . i was worried about the size but now my old phones look tiny by comparison and i can't imagine how i got by without the larger screen . the phone is fast and because it's a google phone it gets all the software updates very quickly . also, durable, i dropped this phone on the pavement the other day (no case) and it did take a chunk out of the plastic but did not break the screen or the phone . this was a great purchase and i cannot see how anyone could think otherwise . ps - i received the us version of the phone and it works on t mobile with no problems  .   at first this phone was great until after a few months the volume just start blowing for no apparent reason and the google nexus 10 has no idea why this happens and no one wants to take responsibility for fixing this issue now i can't return my phone do not buy this phone  .   great android phone for anyone looking for a clean, android experience  . i just got it recently and encounter problem immediately . the screen split half occasionally and found out the it is quite a problem for every user on the internet . i strongly believe it is factory recertified or known defective item . what a great phone . it's large but you don't notice it, and you can't beat the price for a great smartphone that's unlocked . this phone is my favorite phone i've owned . phone worked well for one and a half days . apparently this is a widely known issue and no one really knows how to solve it . if you get lucky and get one that works it will probably be an amazing phone . they had bad phone reception and we got cut off . when i called back they refused to connect me with the previous representative i spoke with even though he gave me his extension .   it does everything i need it to, and best of all, it's it was brand new from amazon and motorola . no having to take someone's hand-me-downs like on swappa  .   i love the phone itself . the size is perfect for me and great for people who do not put their phone in their pocket . i keep mine in my bag, so i don't need a small phone . i like the large screen, the large print and no fumbling trying to locate the phone in my bag . when waiting for an appointment, i enjoy reading newspaper articles, so the large screen makes it very comfortable . the only reason i did not give it a 5 star rating was because there were a couple of minor problems i had to seek help to straighten out  .   best phone i've ever purchased . got it when i got my project fi invite and so glad i did . pure android experience  .   excellent product and value for mine . (again) previously i have this nexus 6 and i missed a lot . for the price amazon is given this phone it is difficult to pass this deal . best of all, it has the latest android os, nice build and good specifications . pretty happy with this purchase .   this probably one of the best cell phones on the market . but despite it's large size, it's surprisingly easy to hold . it may not have a fingerprint reader like newer phones, but it makes up for it by being unlocked (able to use it with almost any carrier around the world) . also, even though it's "older" than some of the phones you would find in stores, it's still fast and responsive .   great pure android phone for the current price . i used it on at&t first and they refused to activate hd voice (volte) option because it was not att branded . works flawlessly on verizon with hd voice option and full lte data speed . battery is great with android 6 . the phone is actually bigger than my note 5 which means it's pretty massive, which honestly isn't a bad thing . people say "oh that phone is too big" but really when you get a big phone you get used to the size and can't go back to a smaller device, i can't even stand any iphones below the plus models and any android phone smaller than 5" is a joke to me . i ended up returning the phone because i was comparing the actual coverage i got and for whatever reason my t-mobile branded note 5 got better service almost everywhere, possibly having something to do with what lte bands the phones supported . the nexus 6 had terrible service in the classrooms where i work at, little to no service while my note 5 had between 30% and 80% reception at all times . overall the phone was great to game on and the front facing speakers make wayyyyy more sense than bottom facing speakers, i have no idea why apple and samsung haven't figured that out after 10 years of smartphone manufacturing but apparently it's still a mystery to them . also i will add that my samsung gear s2 3g worked with the nexus 6 just fine while connected through bluetooth, but the remote connection features hardly worked and were very spotty with the device, my note 5 works perfectly with it but of course they are both samsung devices so go figure . not having an s pen also made me feel weird because i kept trying to pull it out of the nexus and it wasn't there . if you're looking for a cheap premium phone, buy it, if your a picky techie like me, you might want to get a model from a carrier on sale or pay more for exactly what you want  .   first of, i always opposed the idea of having a phone bigger than the size of my hand, but i wanted to give this one a try and it was love at first sight . so let me point out few things: the phone is great full of amazing features when compared to my iphone, apple got a lot of catching up . the 13 megapixel camera has a great quality, pictures but it takes few seconds to stabilize the picture dual front facing speakers, makes one not need an external speakers, very loud, and sound is clear . the turbo charging is great but nexus isn't only phone with that feature . as a added bonus it can charge wirelessly ( if you have the qi charger) with that in mind, they are few kinks that i disliked, like the crashing of certain apps, or how it takes an unusual amount to turn on again . but for the price, the specs, the firmware, it is the best phone worth my money . great phone for the price . great phones for the price,large size screen  .   so incredibly glad i got this phone . no more bloatware and limitations imposed by my carrier . significantly faster than my previous phone which was newer and supposedly a more feature-rich phone and a "flagship" phone . glad i got the larger capacity too . until then, i'll be loving this phone . as much as one could love a machine/inanimate object anyway  . but enough about that . i find the pure android experience to be refreshing .   great price . i upgraded from a note 3 . it's great and if you know the specs i'm not going to take stars off for lack of features . i'm looking for a solution but will likely end up asking to exchange it for one that doesn't overheat right out of the box . i love nexus and am loyal but i'm disappointed with this phone  . this is my favorite version of all the nexus devices that i have owned . i was worried that it might be too large, but it is not much larger than other devices i have had, particularly ones that have otterbox or lifeproof cases on them . the nexus 6 is actually quite slim, making it also easier to fit into a front pocket . i was worried about the screen brightness, but this just hasn't been an issue . the screen is actually brighter and easier to read in the sun than both my nexus 7 tablet and my htc one m8 phone . the battery life has been better than all my previous phones, and that includes several galaxy models and a few htc devices .   i am big fan of nexus phones, this i purchased during black friday offer for just $200 . very happy so far  .   what a great phone! no complaints so far (except the stupid proximity sensor issue but thankfully most tempered glass screen protectors now take that problem into account)  .   still one of the best phones ever made to date! have mine for over a year and now got this for my wife, at $249 it was a price i couldn't refuse :) . could be an awesome phone if it worked! it reboots every 2-10 minutes randomly - no pattern . battery drains completely in a few hours - even when turned off . my research shows the rebooting problem to be a well-known one with no solution that i've yet found . no matter how great the display is, the speakers are and how snappy the processor is, it is entirely worse than useless if it isn't reliable! back to iphone for me  .   best android phone i ever use  . this guy has everything: huge qhd display, 6 inch screen, great battery life (once i update to marshmallow and found a few rouge apps, it lasts a day and a half for me) . what's really great about this particular model is the following: 1 . the big 4 are all here in their completeness . the only drawbacks are the typical ones about android in general . he loves it and uses it much more . sometimes wifi will lose its connection and only way to get back wifi is to reboot the device . very frustrating  .   great screen, good stereo speakers, performance is excellent . well worth it at current ($300 or so) prices  . this being said, it doesn't stop me from calling the nexus 6 the best android phone hardware you can get for a little over 200 bucks .0, it really demonstrates the superb system capability google is offering . in general i call this phone an all around balanced smart device . it's supposed be a humongous device but in reality is surprisingly easy to hold and carry around because of the ergonomic design . the 6" screen and dual front facing speakers make it an ideal mobile entertaining solution . youtube videos and games are just better on this big device . it actually outperformed my wife's iphone 6 plus in both lte and 802 . i guess the bigger size also helps to optimize the device's multi antenna performance . there are whole lot of good things about this phone . instead i want to talk about a few things that i really don't like about this device: 1 . battery life is poor, which you don't expect from such a big device (and therefore massive battery?) . this kills a lot of fun especially when i intended to use it as a 'multimedia on the go' electronics . you will need a protective case, preferably a thin and clear one cause you don't want to hide the quality feel of the device . not doing so, you will hate the dirty sticky marks on the back lid in no time . the marks are not permanent, it can be wiped off with some effort, it just ruins the neat design of the device . so seems something still can be improved on the white balance side . focusing is slow and noise is high at low lighting . i still looked back at my iphone 5s from time to time as everything is nice and smooth on it except the screen size . maybe the latest iphone 6/6s plus still hold the leads in almost every aspect, but for 200ish bucks and the stock google ecosystem experience, this is a no brainier  .   and you google it, it's a known lollipop issue  .   good phone but long delay in delivery . i bought the cloud white for my wife . while i was excitedly opened the package, installed all the apps, registered imei and paid the swapping fee . the phone which i want to send back has no problem with the sim card slot . the second day after the request was submitted, i received a letter from amazon, warning me that my account will be closed if it happens again . " however, you seem to have had an unusually high rate of problems in your account history . i had a one us one before this and sadly was a disappointment , with the battery dying too fast . this phone however had taken everything thrown at it and world like a champ . google flagships never cease to amaze fast os with no bloatware , fast updates, super good price, good camera which was kind of a surprise to me for nexus devices were not known for it, vibrant screen, good sound, world great with a chromecast . great shipping speed as well  .   fast shippong, really nice cell phone! i have never tried android phone before, but it was amazingly good and easy to use .   pretty big, excellent battery . i love the specs on this phone, and it's gorgeous . if you are even remotely clumsy with your phone at all, consider buying an otterbox style case for this phone, as it will break your heart to destroy it, since it's largely no longer available  .   i love this phone, although a bit expensive than black friday . love the phone .com was great, the device is wonderful and exactly as described . it works excellently here in saudi arabia . i recommend that for all of my friends  .   screen is fantastic! a great camera . all day battery for $ 250 this is a huge bonus  .   this phone is freaking awesome! i love that it is already on marshmallow (android 6) and the fact that it comes with straight up android and none of this bloatware nonsense . i have a samsung galaxy s6 and i am envious of this phone, lol! we are using this with cricket and everything is perfect  .   great everything if you are coming from a s3, moto g 1, 2, or 3rd gen .   i totally love this phone! at first, i was unsure because of its huge size! but it took me just a day to get used to it . i love the design and features! :) . nice phone  .   this phone has a lot of positives going for it, as you've read in the four and five star ratings . however, this phone was not suitable for me because of these reasons: 1 . poor battery life . i lose at lease half my battery if not more during that time . questionable sound quality during calls . i had two people ask me if i had a cold because i sounded different . hard to hold when you combine the slipperiness with the oversized phone . i had to try it for myself, and yes, this phone is so big it's unusable for me . cool looking phone . if you have bigger hands and don't mind constant battery recharging and sounding congested, go for it  . the screen is really nice and the phone is fast . i like the fact that this is running stock android and i can't think of any brand new phone for $250 that can beat the specs of this phone  .   cheaper than any other seller . and good quality  .   this phone is huge but still fits into pocket with no problem, the camera is very slow to start especially the front camera, it either freezes or just takes awhile to load whenever i activate the front camera . a lot of apps drags especially instagram video, it doesn't play it very well compare to my oneplusone . its a lost cause . i ordered my first one in september and was so i'm impressed with it, when i saw it on sale for this ridiculous low price, i had to get another .   i like it  .   when i first got it it would regularly restart on it's own, not enough for me to notice a trend for several months . everything works great except those two random things that happen on their own, mostly just a short inconvenience  .   its pluses: it's a google phone and it says it all - you always get the freshest and newest android in no time . good overall performance and 3gigs of ram . stereo speakers with clean sound . amazing display . good cellular/wi/fi reception, universal lte . its minuses: what sucks about the original nexus 6 though - is its pathetic battery life . when left unattended it wastes battery like crazy (in battery stats it's indicated as "idle") - never seen anything like that before . its oled display is amazing with deep blacks however when brightness is set to very low levels the screen becomes reddish . it's a known issue though . i owned a nexus 5 and what i've noticed about the nexus 6 is that its ui responsiveness and speed are measurably slower however i wouldn't call the phablet laggy . other thoughts: the camera is strictly so so - its more or less unusable under low lighting conditions . bezels could be quite narrower  .95 and love it this nexus phone . it is well made and i was allowed to upgrade to google latest operating system marshmallow 6 . the battery life is great compared to my samsung s4 and s5 . i don't have to charge it every day! the only negative is that the phone is a little bulky . this phone is compatible with att, verizon, sprint, tmobile and ringplus . defiantly need 2 hands for a lot of usage (and i have big hands) . super fast, good camera, nexus! at $250 it's a no-brainer  .   the best android phone i ever have . battery life is great with android 6 .   excellent phone . brilliant performance . great battery life . well worth the price . the size appears huge at first, especially if you come from a smaller phone, but you get used to it . the screen brightness between the two varied greatly; we replaced my wife's with another one that has a brighter screen . if you have one of these flawed screens, don't be afraid to ask amazon for a replacement  .   for $300 awsome pure android experience phone with killer specs just got mine has official android 6 .1 (downloaded not out of the box) 4k video recording buttery smooth cel highly recommend it to anyone  . very good  .  one of only a handful of phones that will work with any sim card  .  love ya later . i found this huge phone for only 299$, it's perfect for me . is fast, is big (maybe too big) and works perfectly . love it  .   great phone  .   awsome phone . at first i thought it was a little on the big size, but after 4 days of using this i'd never go back to the iphone . nexus is a steal at $299  .   great product, good deal . great phone, all around  .   actually i loved it - or at least the smart part of the smartphone with wifi . i had to wait 2+ weeks to activate on my verizon prepaid plan because otherwise i'd lose my payment that was in my current account . i liked the responsiveness, i liked the size, i liked the camera and the screen . didn't come with the tool to open the sim tray, which needs a smaller thingee than the end of a standard paperclip . no sound on the phone at all, although streaming through wifi had good sound . immediately switched back to old account and old phone (which is trying to die), but that meant i lost 5 days payment on the old account because they restart the prepay account on the reactivate date . i get a $10 credit that i cannot get a refund on, can use for data but cannot use on the plan unless i pay all but the exisiting $10 on the next (new) payment date . what a hassle for a great phone . and the big question is, does it have a microsd slot in with the sim or not . so what's that about? does it have a hidden one somewhere? and now i can't return it through no fault of amazon - because the snowstorm over ice on the ground, etc . it is a very good smartphone and looks beautiful ,i like it very much   . i love this phone . big, big step up from the old galaxy note 2 i had . love it  .   nice product . best phone i've ever owned .1, the phone was great but the battery life stunk .0 (no thanks to at&t here) it's excellent all the way around . i think literally my only complaint is i wish they had managed to get a good fingerprint sensor (was supposed to be on the back where the moto m is) for it . oh and the lack of an sd slot, but such is life on high end phones today . i upgraded from an lg g3 which already had a high res screen, but the amoled is vastly superior, and i like the extra real estate . the phones responsiveness was a big step up too . going to switch to project fi when at&t raises the legacy unlimited data rates in february  .   fantastic phone! very happy with it  .   awesome phone, super fast and supports quick charge . totally worth it for using on the google project fi network  .  went from g4 to this and must say its better in my opinion . within 30 minutes was upgraded to android m 6 . no issues  .  lte is perfect, calls excellent, wifi is stronger with this than the g4 . apps transferred seamlessly except those only optimized for lollipop which for me were 2 useless games . extremely fast os with qi charging working excellent . even with the supcase unicorn beetle pro as the case and techmatte 3 coil qi charger, this phone charges quicker than the stock charger and i felt no excess heat from the unit or phone . initially i really liked this phone and it performed well on verizon's network . but after a couple of days after receiving my nexus 6, my unit started to overheat really bad . after solving this problem i thought i was in the clear and i could enjoy this phone . even in areas with really good verizon coverage . i then put my sim in my old verizon iphone and it connected to the network right away and had no issues . thinking it might be a bad sim card, i went to my local verizon store to see if they could help me with my issue . they were very nice and replaced my sim card with a new one and changed a couple of settings on my verizon account and on the nexus 6 itself . this solution worked for like 12 hours and then i was faced with the same network connection error problems . i called verizon's tech support and they suggested i turn off the advance calling feature 1 . so i let the phone sit for a couple of hours and then the phone mysteriously connected back to verizon's network and i was getting good lte reception and everything worked . thinking that the problem was officially fixed, i went to bed and plugged the phone into the charger . after completing the reset process, the phone connected to verizon's network right away and worked for like 5 minutes . at this point i had enough and decided to go back to my old iphone . i can't switch cell phone carriers because verizon is the only carrier that provides decent service in my neighborhood . sprint only has 3g service in my neighborhood, at&t's service does not penetrate inside houses well, and t-mobile's service is just flat out bad here . i guess it is just best to buy an official verizon supported phone for the time period . i loved the aesthetics of the nexus 6, i just wish it could have worked out in the long run  .   excellent features at half price compared to other brands . screen and sound quality were my priority which are best  .   the phone is not 64gbits has they pretend it was a 32gbits . great phone, i bought it on black friday . large screen makes it easy to see things . that being said the glass is very fragile, it broke a couple weeks after i bought it . there is an issue that i have experienced with the screen after i updated the phone . that is very annoying  .   nice phone but seems like prone to damage easily if fell  .   i thought it would be a huge upgrade coming from the galaxy s4 from at&tt considering that this has a faster processor, more ram and none of the samsung/att bloatware . the front facing stereo speakers are much better than the rear facing single speaker that i'm used to except that they are kinda quiet . i have never broken a screen before .   i get defect phone  . got on sale - great  .   amazing device  .   so sad it's not available any more :( . very fast device with new android6 . big maybe too big . i love the size to  . this is the best phone i've had . stereo speakers, good camera (contrary to some naysayers), fantastic screen, and great battery life add up to one great phone  .   great phone . two of them works fine but the third overheats and now it won't even come on . there seems to be a line that looks like a crack on the inside of the phone . its never fallen or been dropped or anything . very upsetting and my brother is so disappointed  .   here is my first impression, the device is getting hot, when i start using , it's like taking phone out of oven, it's getting heat very quickly, like when we do heavy operation . it seems amazon sent me defect peace . in my experience this has been my best and favorite phone that i have had so far . size is a bit of an issue but after a week, i don't think i could go back to anything smaller . i'm an average 6' male, and i don't think my hands are huge, the size is now fine for me . although it will not fit like other phones in your shirt pocket, you will be able to have a better time being on the internet . typing texts is awesome due to the screen size . battery life can me an issue, but changing settings like email frequency for syncing helps significantly .1 batter life was horrible as in less than 6 hours . after changing things like email syncing i'm back to two days . i needed wifi calling and i also want updates right away and i get that with the nexus . i had the motto x pure edition and had to return that due to lack of wifi calling even though that phone is physically capable of wifi calling, it is unclear if and when they will enable it . everything else seems to work better such as bluetooth connectivity is stronger . last phones i have had were htc one, and a nexus 5 and with some bluetooth headphones i would get cutout and choppy sound at times, no problems again with this nexus . fast charge is good too  .   nice smartphone but actually falls flat in terms of call quality, which is what we buy these products for . even turned all the way up, call volume is abysmally low . google this problem and you'll see that it's widespread but google has done nothing to address it . i'm generous in offering 3 stars  .   great phone for the price, great camera and screen, speakers sound great, can't go wrong with this one . why this phone is bad: - both buttons at the side, making it very difficult to screenshot - once out of battery charge, it takes 20-30 minutes to charge before it can come back up - big, heavy, having trouble with most mobile holders in car and selfie sticks . bad bad bad  .   upon it's initial release i wasn't too excited about this phone, not because it was under performing or anything, but just because of it's launch price . it currently goes on sale for 250, or even 200 for those that were lucky to grab it before it went out of stock during bfriday . the nexus 6 at it's current price point is the single best phone you can possibly purchase, there is absolutely no reason to go with any other phone unless you are absolutely adamant on having a current gen flagship, and even then, the nexus 6 competes without faltering much compared to the s6 and the note 5 and even the 6p . yes, it's an objectively inferior phone to those mentioned but the performance scaling is almost non existent . it's a monster of a phone, make someones day  .   update- no heating issues now except when charging . wifi still an issue when restarting . great phone except these 2 . bought this with much hope but already facing issues with few hrs of use 1) heating too much while charging or even using you tube for 10 mins 2) wi-fi taking long time to connect after restarting the phone (close to 10 mins) .   excellent phone . ~$280 well spent! enjoy all android updates which is the priority for me  .   i love this phone . yes, the screen is a bit warmer than other screens but i like it . i love how responsive the phone is and the fact that it is unlocked so i can use it easily overseas . amazing reviews and all . i took the expected measures to maintain my phone in the best conditions ( adjusted brightness, unused apps unninstalled, no overnight charging) battery used to last 17-20 hrs (max 30% charge)  .   this 64gb beastly phone has everything i need . i have large hands, so love it . i wish it was a bit lighter but that would be the 6p, which cost much more than this one . out of the box, it needed several lengthy updates, i think because it was climbing up to android 6 .   after 2 months with this phone, no problems have arise so far . gotta love android 6 . i love this phone . i got this phone in nov '15, and i like the phone . i feel this is best among the ones we have in the market for this price . but only problem i have is with volume control buttons and power button, they are very close to each other . and only way to reduce/increase volume is go to the buttons, no privilege to control on the screen(else go to settings and change it) . apart from that i like the phone  .   like it, works fast and nice, and i got marshmallow 6 .   it concerns me a lot because it is non-removable and i want this phone to last at least 2 years . not satisfied with it  .   absolutely nothing to hate this phone . let me list all the pros first pros: - qhd amoled screen - stereo speakers - spill resistant - above average camera with optical image stabilization (latest gen nexus devices lacks these) - more memory - quickcharge 2 .0 - best battery life with marshmallow update . cons for the price i paid for this device i am happy with the phone . but i can list these as general cons - too large and heavy . not for compact phone lovers . - no black color option - no 64-bit processor here comes my review: after i used galaxy s4 i fell in love with the beautiful super amoled from samsung and after loosing i got a htc one m7 . but except for the lightning fast fingerprint sensor and sleek design nothing else impressed me much . camera was too good for stills but i had a horrible experience with videos . so returned it and went for nexus 6 in thanksgiving flash sale and no regrets till now . right from the awesome price i paid and the fast delivery from amazon this device ticked all the boxes . standby lasts for days and it gives decent screen on time for a qhd screen device . i do miss the fingerprint sensor but i can live without it till the nexus releases . no full black color option available so i bought a diztronic matte black case and dbrand black skin . still its tough to use with one hand . currently its selling for 299$ which is still a very good price for a google device . i bought another phone for a friend 2 weeks later and he is also happy with the phone  .   love this phone, i have very large hands was able to palm a full size basketball at age 12 if that gives you an idea, and the second i opened the box and put this phone in my hand i knew it was a great fit for me! i am coming from an lg g3 that i picked up on launch day back in summer of 2014 so this was a nice upgrade . sure its already over a year old but for $249 it is still a great upgrade and going from a 5 .5 inch screen to 6 inches makes a huge difference! i love the built in wireless charging and the reliability of using pure andriod . i highly recommend that as soon as you get it out of the box you do not insert a sim card and rather connect to your homes wifi and do a series of updates, for me it was about 3 updates to get it from 5 .1 i recommend you do this as i have heard if you try updating with a carrier sim card in it sometimes you will get carrier specific patches which will ruin the pure android experience . i am using a spigen clear back case on it and the phone still is not as big as a iphone 6 plus with a case on it even though it has a much larger screen! this is because iphones have ridiculously large bezels which most android phones have been able to trim down . at this price buy one without hesitation, i mean common, 3 months ago it was still $499 directly from google! good luck . product was sold saying it support lte speed, but i am getting only 3g internet speed, same location, friend sitting next to me he is getting 4g, same carrier and type of sim card, only difference he is using iphone 6 . great phone, still using it  .   i've had the nexus 6 for almost 3 months now and there are many good aspects of the phone, such as the screen is fantastic, the performance of the phone has been great and having straight android without bloatware is very nice . the call and speaker volume are very good and louder than many others i've heard . the one problem i've been having is with the hand off from wifi or lower data speeds to each other . i've called motorola and they had me go through a few things, but the problem still exists . on forums online, others are having the same problems and have concluded that it is the phone, not your provider . but i really like it because it's easier to read books and browse internet . after upgrading to marshmallow the charge profile really improved and it lasts for at least a day even if i keep gps, wifi and lte turned on the entire day . the updates are also available sooner as expected  .   this is the most annoying piece of sh-t of a phone i ever had to put my hands on . android lolipop is garbage compared to the older kitkat . i know this is google's own creation evil phone but come on . i want to use the phone the way i am used to with the older much better kitkat android without interference . has google taken over the world? what the hell  .   i don't like this phone neither its new android version one bit . there is no freedom using this phone . what the hell  . pure android experience? my asss  .   this is the worst android platform . hell no  .   i've been terrorized enough by simply exploring the phones features without even putting a sim card in . the only good thing about this phone is the speed at what the information is processed . i believe the phone was designed large so you could read the bullsh-t ads better which will eventually get in your way while you do simple tasks, something google is good at . i hate google, i hate their nexus phone, i hate these bureaucratic parasites . thank you but, no, thank you  . for this price it's easily among the best phones i've ever used . if you have small hands, this phone is likely is not for you though . i definitely think this worth at least $500  .   love it  .   been a great device  .   once you get used to the size, you'll love it . it's great for youtube and videos  .   great phone . it's comfortable to use with two hands, but even with my large hands i find it difficult to use it with just one . battery life is also good, as i've no issues getting through a full day on one charge . i listen to music all day at work, and read books on it on my breaks, but i've always got around 60% battery left when my work day ends . that's pretty solid  .   good good good . nice case~~ . the phone is having problem with the top speaker . there is some sort of hissing/crackling sound that comes from top speaker . made a mistake buying nexus 6, so please be careful before you purchase it  .   good cell phone shell, good quality, good use of mobile phones . i love moto phones and have three . this nexus 6 is not as responsive as the moto g . perhaps i received a defective one . the screen size is perfect for me . i prefer big phones as i'm less likely to lose them . it has become more responsive as i have learned to use it . after using this for a bit longer, i'm happy with it . i have a dead samsung s6 which i also liked, but it does not like moisture  .   great phone at great price  .   it's a stunning phone . feels good in hand . however when i opened the box the phone looks like it's been opened . the screen protector has dust underneath . i turned on a youtube video and the volume would randomly fluctuate and got loud and soft without me changing anything .   a great phone at a great price . the day after i ordered the new nexus 6 my old one died after being dropped from about 15 feet . i didn't opt for faster shipping when i ordered the new phone but luckily for me the seller sent it 2-day prime! i can't rate this seller high enough .   fast and crisp display, speakers are so-so . the curve back is not good design for my magnetic car mount . falls off when going over bumps  . awesome phone . best phone plan i've ever paid for  .   excellent phone . huge screen and fast, robust  . a steal at $249 . for the most part i really like it . the screen is very bright and vibrant, and definitely big enough to really enjoy videos or reading content . it's plenty fast and responsive, and gets better than average battery life . for some that is the greatest  .   pure android . i admit that it is very nice having no carrier-added bloatware, and it's great to be unlocked so that i can take the phone to any carrier . but there are some things i miss as far as customizations and features that makers like lg and samsung add to their devices . bottom line is, if you want stock android, and a very dependable phone  .   you can't go wrong with the nexus 6 . very good device for what it is  . this thing can do everything! minus one star because there's no dongle hole to put my maneki neko charm  .   i saw lot of negative reviews for this phone .2 automatically ) os, makes it less bug free . you cannot use a standard screen protector, i had to return one because proximity sensor (hardware) does not work properly with screen protector . i give a 5 stars just because this is damn powerful phone and signal reception is also looking good . i got some nice photos even in the dark .1 mp front camera compliments video chat in a better way . overall i am very satisfied with the phone  . and top 1/4 of the screen is red-cast . and camera failed after a week . terrible quality . i am very disappointed  .   big phone with lots of memory and pretty decent cameras . battery life is decent (1 day with average usage) and so far has worked great . happy with the purchase . this is an excellent phone and i'm very tempted to give it 5 stars, but i think the missing features are a bit too key for that . i was really still happy with my galaxy s5, except that it was a verizon banded phone and was having trouble finding towers in new locations after i switched to t-mobile . a battery saving app i installed said the t-mobile account app was draining the battery . 5) 32 gb storage doesn't seem like much, but with no bloatware, it's actually plenty so far . 7) i have tiny little kid sized hands and i don't have a problem holding it . 8) getting all the os updates right from google . 5) the email app has been merged with the gmail app in marshmallow and it has a bug and can't connect to my hotmail (luddite here!) account . 2) curved back - makes it feel nice in the hand, but it doesn't lay flat on a table . overall, i'm happy with the phone, though  .   wish i had gotten the black friday deal, but $249 is still a steal for 32gb . fast and prompt updates, since it is a nexus phone . great phone and deal  .   i bought it for family in india, and they can't be happier with the device . it's unlocked, works flawlessly . it has awesome display and loud sound, plus it has latest android version from google, it's perfect . the only disappointment is the front camera, knowing the specs, can't complain but in selfie days, it's a downside  .   working great right out of the box, brand new . enjoy it if you got one . amazing phone for the price . very fast and snappy processor, and bright screen . highly recommend for those looking for a flagship phone at a mid-tier price  .   died after 3 months . xt1103,i love u  . brand new, only one month use! i would like to get an answer on this, as the phone is brand new and it is not working  .   first off, i can say that this would be a fantastic phone if not the the defects in the unit i received, which had trash under the screen protector straight out of the box . the top speaker hisses whenever the phone is performing tasks (this becomes louder as the battery becomes low; the top speaker will also produce crackling noises when playing media at any volume . large, beautiful display . very zippy processor . great photos . pure android experience, no bloatware . i am returning this phone for a refund  .   definitely love the android experience . it's fast and fluid . i love how everything ties together . i love the section that gives you hints about japanese because i'm living in japan . the screen is big and that might be a downsize for some but i just use it like a tablet that doubles as a phone . i can't use it one handed because it's way too big but it's not a big problem for me to use 2 hands . overall i can't really find much to complain but everyone has their own preference . if a big device that seems unwieldy is not your cup of tea then you should skip this . at 250 this is a steal  .   speaker, screen, size, operating system, premium build, and awesome camera! everything you could want in a phone . i love this phone, buttery smooth, great 4k video, and just you get alot of fone for a low price . best value . if you're on the fence about getting this phone if you're worried that is not going to be that good don't worry because this is the best phone for the price and i guarantee you're going to love it and the size the size is not that big you get used to it within like a day or two so don't believe the negative stuff that people say about this phone because its not true . love it with the custom rom . the best phone out there, imo . i work in mobile app development and have access to a lot of phones, but this is the best by far with respect to price vs .   i love the phone, the screen size and the functionality . however, the wifi keeps on dropping, even tried firmware update and still not improving  .   upgraded from nexus 5, loving the big screen and the speakers ,and the turbo charger . though its pretty big i love the big screen . the main reason of i buy nexus is the pur' andeoid that trav's ios in the dust and is more user friendly than ios . i just bought this because of the great $299 for 64gb deal . i was updating the phone while charging it and for some unknown reason the phone turned off and wouldn't turn back on . you can feel the vibration that the phone was trying to turn on but the screen stayed black and nothing was working . googling the issue did not turn up any results and it seemed like nobody else had experience this same problem before . i was hoping to order another one once this return was shipped but disappointed to see that is now all sold out . i now have a bunch of nexus 6 accessories that i cannot use and will have to return as well  .   does what i want plus pure android . fast and good value for the price paid  .   plus it has wireless charging, double bonus  . but the seal is broken on arrival . it looks like an used one  . awesome mobile nothing is wrong with it, only wished for a removable battery, but for 250$ i can't complain . wonderful phone and still relevant in 2015 . great phone after rooting and optimizing it to suit my needs . out of the box, the phone has terrible battery life, usually lasting half the day with moderate usuage . background apps and the high resolution screen killed this thing quickly . i looked online and found an app called doze to help kill the background apps when the screen is off . beyond the battery life, i love the phone and its speediness . good job google and motorola  .   it was ok i ended up having to root it and put another os on it wi-fi hotspot with broke they wanted me to call at&t and i'm on cricket cricket said they didn't care so i rooted it and all is good this is a great phone does everything it even has wireless charging and rapid charging . the 32gb version was available for 249$ when i ordered this one for 299$ . simply ruined by new year surprise  . i love the stock android and the nearly instant os updates from google . i also enjoy not having the bloatware and tacky logos that carriers, especially verizon wireless, load on their phones . if this phone had a 5 inch screen and the native motorola camera app, i would probably rate the phone a solid 5 . it doesn't fit well in a pant pocket . i do hope google chooses to use motorola again for a future nexus device as i really like motorola devices (other than the verizon-corrupted droid line), but please, make it a 5 inch device . bigger is not always better  .   ----------------------------------------------------- quick first impression: 12/31/15 i got the phone today, and was really excited to open it, but as soon as i got the box opened, i was immediately disappointed with what i saw . i tried to clean them off, but they wouldn't come off, as they appeared to be either from the manufacturing (poor quality control) or that i got a used unit, sold as new . as for screen resolution, i put a fire phone next to the nexus 6, and the images and videos look much better on the fire phone . sound is pretty good, but not as good as the iphone 6 . i am glad i didn't pay too much for this phone ($299 plus tax), as i feel that this isn't a premium phone, and it isn't as good as other android phones . ---------------------------------- 1st update: 1/1/2016 just noticed today that when playing music/video the sound gets distorted when volume is set high, but not at maximum . at first i thought it was because of vibration from the case, but problem persisted after removal of phone case . this phone is getting bumped down 1/2 star as a result of this .   too big for my hands .  overheats alot and worst battry backup  .  not even worth 1star . it is really good phone and strongly recommend it to people who like big phones and values  .   love the product  .   i love my nexus 6, i unfortunately ordered my phone just before the price dropped to $249 . this phone is probably the best value for android phones currently on the market . i love the wireless charging feature  .   excellent large smartphone . comfortable and beautiful design . good autonomy with a very high-quality display . stereo speakers give good sound . good hdr + camera that makes high-quality images even in a dark room . good communication and keeps the battery for long enough  . while she was hesitant to dish out another $900 for another iphone, i let her used my nexus 6 temporarily . she does miss the fingerprint sensor on the iphone but she likes the turbo charging and wireless charging capability and the large screen  . by far the fastest phone i ever owned  .  the phones looks and feels like good quality  .  the phone runs super fast and doesn't hesitate or skip a beat  .  which is the main reason i desperately wanted this phone because its pure android with the best hardware which makes for super fast accurate phone  .00 on amazon, and initially i refused to pay 650 .00 i didn't even think twice i brought it quickly because the phone is worth more  .   i was on the fence buying a phone this big  .   but i am glad i did . this is a great phone and having pure android is an amazing software experience  .   awesome phone! still prefer it over the nexus 6p and 6x  .   all of the great things about this phone have already been stated . my only gripe is being so large people have a hard time hearing when using the phone as a phone .   i have really enjoyed this phone . loved the 4, but had constant issues with the 5 . so glad i did! this had been my favorite nexus phone so far . zero issues and i love the large screen size  .too big~my iphone6s like a boy~ 2k super amoled so amazy . this is first time i am using motorola, i see this product is not quite good as we have samsung lg  .  its waste of money  .  fit application gets crash all the time .  same issue with some nexus in built apps .   the phone is good, but the dramatic drop of price makes me feel like i am fooled (less than 2 months ago, i bought it for $350; now it is $250) . well, with these prices it's fair to say this is a non issue anymore . the second issue was one that i encountered in two different areas, both with the same phone .1 a system error occurred stating that it could not fins an application named: (com . i knew there was some build issues with this phone when it first launched, but i always thought that those were ironed out by motorola and google; apparently not . recently, i read that motorola made a commitment to replace those phones that had a built issue; being aware that both the system issue and built issues were isolated ones i decided to give the nexus 6 another chance . this one has been just perfect so far . great battery life . i love the size and form factor; small phones make my big hands and fingers feel handicapped . so sar i like the phone, but there are a few things that need to be sorted out . and since it is my first nexos and marshmallow just came out, i am still not sure if my issues are hardware or software-related . phone is fast and i like the many features it has . i got it hooked up with sprint with no issues other than sprint taking almost a month to send me the proper sim card  . the hand set had issues with the power switch, usually one need to press the button 4 - 5 times with the hope that it would switch on . its really sad amazon selling such item . i would like amazon to see into the matter and return the amount deducted for the screen cover . overall would not recommend as well as amazon need to make sure they sell good product . i have been a long time iphone user and have always loved to play with new android phones on the market . none of them have impressed me as much as this phone . here are the things i love about it: - larger display in same size phone when compared to iphone 6 plus . - really well finish . - really fast and snappy . - pure android experience . fast updates . this is what you pay for the cheapest iphone on a 2 year contract! i decided to give it 4 . the two issues with the phone are: - camera is bad . makes it easier to set it on a flat surface  .   at 400 this phone is the best bargain you can get with these specs for hardware  .   i was a little afraid of it being last generation phone . it is plenty of fast, and have a good camera . and the screen feels so nice under the fingers, (and eyes of course) . i absolutely love it  .   absolutely love my new phone . i thought it might be too big, but now i am used too it and can't understand how i used those smaller phones . it is really fast, has a beautiful screen and has a ton of support . i find myself not going to my 8" tab s hardly at all anymore since this is big to suit my needs . i love that it is qi compatible and works perfectly on my wireless charger . the turbo charger it comes with is fantastic and charges my device in minutes, not hours . very handy when you are in a hurry . i have yet to test it overseas, but hopefully soon as it seems to have a ton of support for wireless bands . i don't have to turn it up so loud to hear my audio . i am already on marshmallow and enjoying every minute of it  .it have a good price .the phone have a smooth and stable system  .   the nexus6 phone exceeds my expectations, i purchased the 32gb version of this phone for $250 on amazon . i (nate) have used a samsung s5 for the past 2 years now and really like the s5, but to be honest i am a bit envious of my wife's nexus6 . the camera on this phone works great for still images, though i find that the video mode has issues with maintaining a reasonable focus, and continues to try to pull focus by over-correcting then under-correcting like a 1 semester videography student . it looks nice but it fails at the most basic level--can't receive incoming calls . spent a lot of time reading forums trying to resolve the issue but to no avail . you're better off finding something that actually works . a waste at any price point . i have read on forums that this might be due to a glitch caused by the sim card switching between sprint and t-mobile . do yourself a favor and steer clear of this phone  .   i'm have spotted an issue with my screen on the 4th days of use and i see this blue blotch on the bottom right corner and it seems to look really ugly .   frankly this is my first smartphone so i'm not qualified to give a comparative review . i can say i like the heck out of it and have had no functional issues . i'm like a kid with a fantastic new toy . it's faster than i expected for a mobile computing device, and i'm approaching 100 apps without putting a significant dent in the storage space . a device such as this is somewhat like a 'gateway drug' . the phone itself is just the beginning of what you end up buying: a case, armored glass, various holders, premium apps, external gadgets and toys which work with android, so forth . i guess that's the whole idea, isn't it? so yeah, i'm now a thoroughly hooked fish, but not complaining because it's fun so far  . works on both cdma sprint and gsm t-mobile . wish it had more apps installed but i guess it better than 20 apps you don't need . i would like to see some more widgets too . i guess i am just spoiled from my htc .   let's hope it don't break on the first drop like my friends nexus 5  . like the phone but i may return it and spring for the nexus 6p  .   this is a really, really big phone . if you can handle the size (it does matter), then this is a great deal when it's on sale  .   its way to big to hold in your hand . i had a screen problem in less than a month after buying, it had a black line as screen defect . the music quality is good and happy to get 32gb memory . the case itself is lightweight and seems sturdy enough  .   very pleased  .   as somebody who likes to get a new phone every 6 months or so i have a lot of experience with a lot of different phones . this has been my favorite phone top date! it will take a lot of getting used to if i go back to a smaller phone than this one . i have found that this definitely takes two hands to use comfortably, which is fine by me because i was expecting that coming into the purchase . the nexus experience is great! fast updates and no carrier installed bloatware to deal with and worry about it slowing down the phone . i do find with certain apps i will get some lag on the phone, but i'm certain that is an app issue and not a phone issue . definitely would recommend  . does feel big as soon as u start using it . a perfect huge phone if you want to protect your eyesight  .   battery drains very quickly  .   great phone! very fast, great picture and overall quality . i was a little worried about the size, but it actually not as bad as i expected  .   the best price for specs and size hands down . too bad that typically means google is officially done and moving on because i'm pretty sure at $250 they could have covered the earth in instances wanted by eager folks looking for an excellent phone at an excellent price  .   nice phone great price  . with the exception of the 6p - this might be the best phone available on the .   other than camera this is a great nexus device .   love this phone . i've been waiting to purchase this phone when it went on sale and definitely would recommend it . the size of the phone might not be for everyone, but i really like it and it still fits well enough in my pockets . the phone itself is a little slick, so i would recommend a case . works great on verizon  .   don't let its price fool you; it's the best android phone! no, i mean it's the best cell phone out there  .   when it first came it was a double click type of thing and no swipe or touch worked . i was able to set it up with having to double click everything but spent hour+ with tech in philippines and he was good but couldn't fix it . he gave me the 800 number of motorola tech and tech there was able to get it to work the way i had seen on you tube . my wife has a nexus 6 and had to go through a lot to get it set up but she really likes it and i sure hate to part with my lg g3 but can't get on project fi with it . had label printed and never thought it would work but it is ok now . it is super easy to get your stuff from the other android phone by putting them back to back for just a few seconds . this might be the best phone in the price range . it comes clean without any bloat wares .   love the phone just not the battery life . great screen, nice camera, great reception and pure android . it's definitely a winner  .   great phone arrived quickly . nice  . it is a decent phone for the price  .   the first copy - dark stripes on a white background screen . second - peeled lid swollen battery .   this is a great phone . the stock android os allows for a clean and efficient operation . there are no notification lights on the phone as well which can be inconvenient . the battery life usually lasts an entire day and the quick charging feature is extremely convenient if you drain the battery . the front facing speakers provide clear sound . overall a great phone with a good balance of simplicity and features  .   motorola did an amazing job when designed this phone and now day is a year old is cheaper, its probably the best price-performance ratio you can get . all on this phone is top notch and can easily compete with any other flagship . the camera can take really good photos with good light but on low light is very overwhelming  . the camera is adequate but not spectacular . however, a huge issue if you are using at&t that people need to be aware of - if you put an at&t sim card in the phone, it becomes "locked" to at&t and the updates do not come from google as with other nexus phones - the updates are dictated by at&t . somewhat defeats the point buying an "unlocked" phone . there are work arounds for this if you are techy, but they shouldn't be needed when you buy an "unlocked" phone . while you at least don't have the at&t bloatware, this lack of updates direct from google is really a deal killer for me .5 stars for non-at&t users, with the mediocre camera being the main negative point . but if you are on at&t, beware that google has allowed at&t to dictate the updates for your phone .   i really like the size of this phone . for some people, it might be too big, but it is a perfect side for a phabet . i wish google incorporate the finger scanner on this phone like the nexus 6p  .   i received 2 phones and package was damage and phone box was damaged also and phone is has scratches in screen . just what i wanted to replace my sluggish lg phone . then i got a cheap lg volt to try the ringplus serivce and just couldn't use it as it felt like a toy phone compare to a nexus 5 i was before . also the big screen really helps as my vision is getting worse due to aging . quick-charging is awesome as well .   good product #love nexus . i initially had a scare about the batterylife but after the first full charge i'm getting awesome battery life compared to my previous zenfone 2 . now i have a case to protect this beautiful phone . one thing i'm worried about is the back cover . i understand the n6 has an issue with the rear cover coming off due to bad adhesive or a expanding battery . the crease on the right side looks wider than the crease on the left . i don't care much for the aesthetics but i hope my phone does not have issues with the rear cover coming off in the future . absolutely love this phone i was going to get the new nexus 6p but i decided against it because this was only $350 . let me just say it probably isn't any faster than the nexus 6p but it probably isn't much slower due to only a year difference and that the newer processors aren't as focused on speed as they are on processing power and more cores . great phone! great camera, very fast even with 3gb ram since it doesn't have all of those bs bloatware from other phones  .   small scratches on the earpiece  . fantastic phone . very fast, snappy processor . great, great phone . i made the mistake of purchasing an mt8 after the nexus 4 and regretted it from the start . now that i've learned from my mistake i've upgraded to the nexus 6 and am once again enjoying all the perks i loved with the 4, plus a few added bonuses . experienced some battery drain issues when initially upgrading to android marshmallow 6 . huge screen, good front-facing speakers (finally! why don't all phones do this now  .  ), exceptional processing speed and very sharp resolution . highly recommended  .   amazing phone  . previously had a oneplus one which died, physical size was about the same but has a better and bigger display but feels lighter . charges pretty fast . my "phone" needs to do a lot of things for me, i still don't know why they call them phones, they do have that capability but i use more for other uses  .   great phone . works with cricket  .   wow, better than you think . very good quality . fast delivery, good stuff, thank you very affordable price  . there was no resistance when placing the tool in . i tried other tools like a needle and paperclip but still nothing . love it  .   i received my nexus 6 today i immediately checked and did receive the correct model xt1103 . very happy with purchase quick shipment correct model as promised . big beautiful screen ,popped the sim card in and connected to lte network for at&t worked perfectly . bought it for 250 such a steal and a great phone overall  .   love this phone! best phone i ever had beautiful screen, all day battery life, front facing speakers, and of course stock android! a steal at this price what are you waiting for  .   great phone, 3 cons i found - horrible camara, feels like we are back in 2006 by photos quality and its big thick and heavy . other than that its a very good phone, its very fast, andriod 6 . other than that its maybe the best phone 300 usd can get you . awesome phone  . work and family lines  .   great phone . i bought this item with good price . thank you  .   i purchased this phone with great hope, but once i updated it started to crash .   great phone for a man! originally, i think this phone is not as elegant as iphone or samsung's note . but after i put in a black case which matching with black frame very well, the phone looks pretty masculine, i like it! not as feminine as iphone! also i really like the simplicity of pure android os, without a lots of bloated applications . simple, and masculine phone, i like it! ice on the cake, i got the phone $250 as black friday deal  . i received a phone which is good in all functions but had a very inherent problem where the screen was splitting into two halves . i called amazon about a week later and told them about my problem and no questions asked, they sent me a new phone in the next 36 hours . advantages: - large screen makes it easy to the eyes - great processing power (clocks about 69000 as brand new and about 62000 with all apps loaded and upon regular functioning on antutu) - makes people turn their heads or at least notice the phone - i ran whatsapp, a 62mb size game, several internet and twitter pages and it can run everything simultaneously without any effort . you will notice the advantage once you start using it . i think google camera sucks and not the phone camera . - size maybe an advantage but sometimes a disadvantage too this was a really great buy for 199$ .   love my phone . only wish it had the "tap the screen to turn on screen" feature like my lg g3 did . other then that, its super fast, takes awesome pictures, and no bloatware . love the phone with the bigger screen . some might think its too big for a smartphone but it didn't take much time to get use to the feel  .   this phone get hot too fast and even i could not talk without speaker . do not recommend but looks good  . amazon sent me a faulty piece . it hangs and its screen display automatically splits into many parts .   as expected, awesome phone . motorola nexus 6 is a beauty and the beast   . beautiful screen  . very sharp and vivid colors  . extremely fast  . awesome camera  . light weight compare to it's size got this flagship on sale so it's a win win for me . what can i say? this phone is not only the perfect size, but it's also incredibly fast . i'm in love with my phone! wont need to upgrade for a while  .   it's a good product by moto and google . however, there's some problem globally . there's a chance that if you set the volume max when the battery is blow about 60%, the speaker will drop after 1--3 seconds . the only way is to have a replacement until you get a workable one . annoying  .   was a great phone until the gorilla glass over the screen shattered . it's a shame it's all glued together  . works great with ting mobile  . this is a great phone, but i am concerned about the charge .   screen cracked the first time i dropped it . the edge of the screen is broken with the protector covering it  .   great phone, especially if you like em big . two stereo speakers mounted on the front, like they all should be, provides loud and clear sound . fast enough to be compared to phones costing twice as much . the only problem i've had to date, is sometimes the android os goes nuts and quickly drains the battery .   great phone besides the subpar camera and you will probably need to charge it every day . love it  . i love the speakers on the front, and the large screen is great . i went from an htc one m7 to this phone, and i was worried about it being too big . it fits nicely in the hand, and i can slip it into my jeans without issue . it is fast and capable, and the camera is nice .0 update for some reason, but i'm really picking nits here, this is a great phone at a great price, and i highly recommend it  . a great device . easy to mod . battery life is decent  .   this is good for my friend . got updated to marshmallow directly :)! loved the midnight blue! i must get used to the 6 inch! charging super fast  .   i was lucky to get this for $199 through amazon's black friday sale . it is a great phone for the price and i have it connected on google's project fi . the only negative would be the size - but, i guess people already know it when buying the phone  .   great phone to use with google fi . wifi doesnt work  .   so nice and i like it  . while it may be a bit on the larger side the battery is excellent and can usually go an entire day without me having to worry about the battery dying in the middle of the day  .   my wife loves her new nexus 6  .   good pure android phone  .   great thing ! i love it . most service is not available in domestic due to some we-all-know reason . in spite of this, n6 is still a great phone with amazing performance, fantastic and huge screen is great, although its brightness is a little bit low . the photos taken by n6 are too colorful, not like those taken by samsung note4  . love this phone! easy to set-up, speedy . super fast updates . great price . love the nexus 6  .   i managed to get one at the two fifty mark for 64gb which makes it an almost surreal bargain (compared to the close to four hundred it goes for currently) . pros big, battery life, performance, mild weather resistance, gets the latest updates from google (up to 6 .01 as at 12/17/2015), pure android, good phone reception, good wifi reception (both compared to my previous galaxy s3), plenty of memory . great screen, great sound . cons big, battery is built in (i went through 4 replacements in 3 years for my s3, but they were dirt cheap and i could always carry a spare) . camera is somewhat disappointing (not a whole heap better than the s3) . i bought a supcase case (seems good, but not tested in anger yet) and a t-mobile sim (just as well, as the s3 sim is completely different) . biggest annoyance for first day or two was the multiple updates required to get to android 6 . make sure you have wifi to do this - it sucks up a lot of data otherwise .01 a few days ago (no noticeable difference in my humble opinion) . i'm still getting used to native android, the camera app is rather basic (considering getting an app for that to see if it improves anything) . not tried taking any videos (not really my thing on a smartphone), but have no doubt it will be at least adequate . i do like that there is no carrier or manufacturer bloatware - some of the samsung apps were very annoying, and poorly supported . i enjoyed my s3 for the 3 years i had it - it took a lot of abuse (dropped many times without a case, had cracks and holes in the frame and cover, but the glass is still intact), was soaked on a couple of occasions (ruined one battery), but still kept on working except of a dubious connector on the sd card slot . the only minor issues i have with this phone is: 1 . i would have preferred that that it came just a tad bit smaller, so it would fit more comfortable in my hand . at various time i accidentally press the power button on the side when holding it in my right hand . besides those points i'm pretty pleased with the phone  .   got a great deal for cyber friday  . the nexus 6 is a great phone  .   there is a bit of a learning curve if you have been using an iphone, but it's not too hard to figure out . so far so good  .   i really love this phone . the screen resolution is great and the battery life outstanding . can't go wrong with the nexus 6  . by far, the best phone i've ever owned . beautiful screen, fast processor and plenty of system memory . while 32gb is sufficient for most users, people who take a lot of photos, video or who like to keep a lot of music on their device should consider the 64gb version . worked perfectly . this is more a testament of the phone's os, but is still one of the devices strongest selling points . i couldn't be happier with the performance of this device . excellent build quality and a good fit in medium sized hands . light enough to carry in a shirt pocket, strong enough to carry in jeans  .   64gb midnight blue! it's a well-built nexus with dual speakers, a 6" screen, wireless or quick charging, and a solid camera . the battery life is enough for daily use but nothing spectacular . honestly, if this had the 6p camera sensor it would be the perfect phone  .   phone has two front facing speakers which are excellent and phone speed is great, i can play n64 emulators on it with no slow down and psp emulators also with no speed drawbacks at all . phone battery lasts me untill about 5pm before i start to worry about charging it with full days use, phone has fast charging so i plug it in for 20 min and im good again, great phone 5 out of 5 . side note i am a bigger person, 6'2" and hand span of 9 1/2 inches, phone fits good in my hand i can reach to whole screen except i have to stretch my thumbs a bit to reach top corner of screen, it seems like it would be hard for someone with smaller hands to use  .   best phone ever . i am currently on verizon prepaid and this was easy to get activated . as for the phone it works great so far . it is a little big but still fits into my pocket  .   love this phone . i liked the idea of an unlocked phone and one stripped of phone manufacturer and carrier bloatware . the 6's size worried me a little, but i thought i could live with it . the service rep installed the free micro sim card and initiated the porting process . for a change, everything transferred over via the cloud (wasn't clear if it was the google or verizon on)- contacts, apps were reinstalled . a month later, my impression is mostly favorable- good battery life, pretty zippy performance . but it is a little too big for my hands- miss being able to one-hand type a text message . the stock goggle interface is just that- pretty basic . luckily the goggle play store had some good analogs to what i was used to . and if i go ahead with a switch to another carrier like i plan in the near future, it will be a simple matter to swap sim chips! wish i got the 5x instead but still overall a happy camper with this purchase  . surprised at the great quality . this phone is great, i love it  .   as being sammy fan with touchwiz i was little skeptical about pure android . but noticed this giant phone is so snappy, no lag at all . got a marshmallow update right away, this thing is huge . i liked blue one better than white but again its a personal preference . overall with my first nexus device pretty happy with it . amazing phone .   luckily a 5 year old + a sewer drain helped me out . the samsung's made me not enjoy android because both were so slow! i click on an app and 3 seconds later it opens . this phone restored my hopes in google's android . spent 5 hours (during the 7 days of battery test) updating it but after that smooth it was rolling .   or well less i guess, no stupid benign uninstallable apps  . this phone also works in germany (it's the usa version) . i highly recommend getting a woodback for this phone if you get it . i got the padauk; sooo beautiful  .  classy and modern . love this phone! sellers said it was like new, and they told the absolute truth . top of the line phone . easy to set up and very fast internet, messaging and phone . working very well with consumer cellular . takes great photos and has lots of storage space  .   i've had this phone for over a month, and its on track to replace my old samsung note 3 as my favorite phone of all time . pros: + super fast and snappy . + great signal all over the place + unlockable, root-able, quick android updates from google (great for devs and android hackers) + front-facing speakers will change the way to buy phones from here on out cons: - no sd card slow . c'mon motorola/google! - it's huge; it's like holding a tv screen - microusb port is very temperamental and tough to get plugged into . amazing phone, arrived on time  .   no issues so far . smudges/scratches on back right out of the box .   great phone, but it gets pretty hot while charging . my only complaint is that when you add a case, the phone is massive  .   it is a very responsive phone . the down side is that it can get hot while using it for youtubing or playing games  .   great phone with very few flaws pros: 1) pure android experience 2) 5 .9 inch screen: simpy great screen, wide viewing angles 3) snappy processor while switching between apps 4) great battery life if you disable motorola ambient display 5) cons: 1) screen little dim under sun 2) experienced low sound from ear piece (sound) but speakerphone is loud . may be my phone or everyone experience i'm not sure 3) screen size may be little big for few people . 4) phone gets hot while charging with turbo charger (the charger it comes with) heard it is expected .   and i have used this phone for two months till now and the buttery is so bad and i can't end the day with one charge even if i don't use it still running sooo fast , first time i thought i have the option to charge it without fast charge like samsung because i know this kind of charge eats the battery life but unfortunately i was wrong , still not sure if the problem from the battery's quality or the fast charge itself, because i don't feel that fast charge is a feature to me  .   out of the box, this cell phone worked fine but it had a few glitches . the regular phone calls drop relatively frequently (i cannot blame the service provider, because my previous iphone 5 worked fine with the same calls) . but what was bothering me the most was that the phone was draining the batter really fast . i have installed android 6 marshmallows, and i have seen a major improvement in the duration of the battery . except from the camera, this device is fast, snappy and responsive  .   love it! however lack of an sd adaptor . the phone was great and everything, very powerful and sturdy, however it came with a camera issue that did not allow any application to connect to the camera . i tried factory resetting the phone many times, cleaning the cache of the camera app and even booting on safe mode and nothing helped . this has been a really frustating experience and that issue seemed to be in a lot of devices . if you do some research online about the issue you will find many like me  . apps run smooth and multitasking is a charm but the battery is poor and the reception is poor .   love this phone  .   the $350 amazon deal came in handy when my screen messed up on my lgg2 still in contract  .   pros: turbo charging, 4k video recording, qhd resolution display, super fast updates directly from google, smoooooooooth cons: slightly on the heavy side, camera could be faster, selfie cam is low resolution at only 2mp i'd buy another in a heartbeat . so nice i love it, the best choice do far  .   im having problems activating this phone with sprint .   love my phone  .   excellent phone . very fast and looks well made . picture quality is also very good  .   best purchase i could have made for my better half  .   for the price, this is the best phone i could find . i little bigger than i would have liked, however  .   so far - i love it . i found a great case via amazon, fits well and so far - i am happy . so glad i got in on the bf sale .   useless  . not only did verizon online send me a nano-sim card for free - activation was a breeze ! now - if only i could find a compatible bluetooth for the nex 6  . it was ready to go for my first day use when i received it . as it didn't have all the unnecessary apps that makes your phone sluggish and tons of space for my music and photos . only thing was it look like ipad mini when next to my face because its so big .   good value . excellent condition . have only had the phone about a week but its nice upgrade for me from the galaxy s3 . have unlimited data and hot spot works nicely . was afraid due to being an unlocked phone i might have a problem but verizon hooked up no problem . great decision to purchase  .   i bought a new one but it's back has a scratch  .   love the large screen . well built  .   there are a lot of scratches on the phone  .   great phone! i popped in a cricket sim and everything just worked . camera quality is as good or better depending on light  .   perfect for international location . i gifted this to my brother in india and it is working without any glitch and pretty seamless with the network . nice display and features . one of the best unlocked phone . data transfer was easy too  .   i love it, just getting used to the "raw" android . i do miss some of the features i was using with the nova launcher, but i can always slap that on if i really need to . one nice feature is that i setup my car as a trusted place so when the bluetooth is connected the screen pin is disabled . no more having to fumble to unlock my phone while driving (i know!) . got the black friday deal, so $450 off original retail for a 13 month old device, you bet i am happy  .   great smartphone, high quality . the only problem is that the screen is yellow tint, and not so bright  . i never liked big phones but this one changed that . cannot use with a single hand, but for that i like most of the features . i am not denying that a smaller size would be more comfortable . but, bear in mind a smaller size phone with bad ergonomics have prevailed in the market . i was a fan of the smaller phones myself and even made fun of my friend who had a samsung galaxy note . :) having said all that, what made me hang on to this phone: - stunning display . especially the black looks like black . no lags! i thought i would like htc one m9 . the dialer and contacts app was a big headache for me . never liked it . but, when i switched back to pure android on nexus, i feel how much pure android has improved . love the new dialer app in nexus . i would say android or rather google has concentrated on the most important elements of the phone now . looks like a sturdy phone . nice curved glass . the dimpled logo on the back is a good design to rest your phone in your hand . i guess the battery life is good enough . well, whatever! this one has a good battery life . standby doesn't drain battery a lot as it used to in previous versions of marshmallow . a big plus . so, thank goodness, this phone has hooks for t-mobile wifi calling . and, wi-fi calling works perfectly, just turn it on in the settings in your phone app . well, unlocked phone and a nexus means no bloatware crap! of course nexus means some useful features not available . and, only with the apps you need! motorola and google have done a good job! they are not the same company anymore right, ? ;) . amazing phone from google . very happy so far . it is little bit big and i understand now why everyone settle on 5 . thanks google and motorola for making such nice phone . only problem i have is on grip of the phone . i found a nice case for it  . it fit perfectly and makes it even nicer  .   the box protect very poor,has bee hit or fall pong . it works beautifully with my carrier (consumer cellular) . outstanding phone, world-class camera, great storage capacity at 32 gb, super fast processor, very stable platform . i love it . recommended  . having an unlocked phone and everything that comes with that is really nice, and it was easy to get it activated online without having to call (verizon .) i was worried about that b/c i'd seen a lot of people complaining about what a pain it was to get them to activate it on their network . obviously it's pretty big, but i like the size- i don't have huge hands, and i can pretty comfortable use most things one-handed, e . sure it's easier two handed, but given that it's freezing, i like to keep one hand gloved :) i had an htc one m8 before this, which is a bit smaller, but the size was awkward- i had to use two hands, even though it was smaller . i did it through importing from the cloud instead of the tap thing b/c my old phone wouldn't work for some reason, but it really wasn't a pain . photos are great quality . some people might not like that the back is plastic instead of metal, but i am really happy about that b/c it makes it way less slippery . the biggest problem i had with my htc was how easy it was for it to slip out of your hand, hence cracked screen if you like to live on the edge and don't have a case or if your overpriced plastic dot case broke and was annoying to have on anyway . the cons (which aren't that bad, just want to be specific about the things that bug me): 1 . the camera seems to be kind of slow in processing pictures . this might be a setting i can change, i'm not a big picture taker so i haven't tried yet . you can make chrome tabs separate from app tabs, but that doesn't really solve the problem for me- i generally have a few apps going at once . there was one more negative that i had in mind, but now i can't remember it, so i guess that must mean it's not that big of a deal :) all in all i really like the phone- i have been busy since i got it so i haven't sat down and set everything up exactly how i want it/tried to change much besides switching all my old junk over, but w/the experience i do have, it's a great phone  . my feedback is mixed but mostly on the negative side . here is the summary of it: * design - the phone seems to be on good quality . does not feel cheap on hand . having that said, the grip of the phone is terrible and was not comfortable at all due to the curved back + big size * performance - this phone is a little faster than the note 3 i had before, specially on web browsing . however, watching movies and youtube was better on my galaxy note 3 . for example, the galaxy note 3 had seamless rotation of the screen while watching a movie . well, this is not accurate and there is a fine print here . i was surprised to learn that at&t has to approve the android 6 . but come on, why do i have a nexus if i will end up doing all the dirty work user experience - this was the biggest disappointment in the phone . i have not recognized how much samsung has invested in improving the note experience until i tried the nexus . the nexus 6 is simply a big phone with very basic ui (some may like this because it makes the phone a little fast as i mentioned earlier) . however, there no software and interface to take advantage of the big screen . personally, because of the surprise that at&t controls my android upgrades + the very basic usability, i sold my new nexus 6 and bought a more expensive used galaxy note 4 . as a side note, i see many reviews from others who upgraded from galaxy note 3 to nexus . however, the contents of their reviews speak more about how good the note was  .   pros: excellent voice and display quality, and reliable, fast internet using t-mobile . cons: buggy, annoying software . example: if i receive a phone call while the phone is locked, it is impossible to answer the call . even after entering my pin to unlock the phone, it continues to ring but i cannot answer the call - i can click every icon, and swipe in every direction - to no avail . i have to wait until the caller hangs up, then call them back . this is apparently a known problem, and the workaround is to disable the locking feature, so my phone is now less secure . or, i could go through the frustration of trying to follow all the steps in the multi-page troubleshooting instructions, ending with "revert to factory settings," but i don't want to spend my time trying to fix buggy software! maybe i'm expecting too much, but based on my experience with every phone i've used since the 1960's, it should be a no-brainer to answer incoming calls! now i've paid hundreds of dollars for a phone that requires me to be a technical expert and work around buggy software, just to be able to receive calls . it is infuriating  .   this really disappointed me .   the phone is fine (although i am not a fan of some of the unnecessary "updates" to the user android interface that are yet again forced down our throats -- but apparently all the operating systems feel they have to do that all the time even tough there is nothing to improve, only a couple of buttons to hide for no reason -- but at least it's not like the stupid microsoft tiles  .  ) but: the charging cable is a fire hazard   .  : about 2-3 three days we wanted to pick up the cable for charging -- and burnt the fingers (slightly), the micro-usb end was scorching hot, the plastic had started smoldering and the whole place started smelling accordingly . sure, we left the charger plugged in while carrying the phone around, but who doesn't ? so, be careful, the charging cable is dangerous   . nice price gives nice work . i love pure android, nexus series . and this one works better and faster than 5x . when paired with the 6 inch display it makes for an excellent media experience . you also don't have to deal with any carrier bloatware which is fantastic in my opinion . it is disappointing to not find some of the motorola features you would find on a motorola phone  .   like moto assist  .   but is all around a great phone and worth the cost  .   i've had all nexus phones and this is by far the best of the bunch . great battery life (especially with android 6 . fast charger is included and is indeed quite fast .   great phone . i love the camera . i hate how google tries to sync everything though, but on the plus side you can install your own os on it . yay opensource! :) . i like it better than my samsung galaxy note 4 . it doesn't have the lag like my sammy and the interface is a lot cleaner and seems faster too  . i got this during the black friday special, however it constantly restarts at random occasions, in addition to that when its mounted on my car deck, i have a hard time unlocking it for some odd reason? google badly needs to update . simply the best phone i have ever owned! the screen, while large, is bright with great color reproduction . while researching, i heard stories about strange tints in the screen, but i have never experienced it, so i'm assuming it was fixed in one of the many firmware updates this has received . the most amazing thing is i now can go a full two days without charging my phone on regular use . that with a huge screen and wi-fi and bluetooth always on! camera is very good, with quick shutter time (as long as hdr is turned off) and accurate color reproduction . truly remarkable phone and at these prices, it is the best value out there . i would recommend giving it a try to any owner of the nexus 6, 6p or 5x  .   upgraded from an s4 only thing i miss is the ir blaster . love this phone got it for 199 . only things that bug me just a bit the front facing camera doesn't do well in low . the rear camera handles it better but not better than my s4 but the nexus does take better pictures in normal lighting . overall very happy and its unlocked i got it for t mobile and wifi calling works . my girlfriend got one too for verizon though it was a bit of pain in the ass for them to activate it .   nice and fast phone  . well worth the money spent . front camera is just 2 mp, so not very good for selfies . a little bulky, but i stlll like it . its kind of phablet, it has big screen ,s o if you read a lot of stuff on phone, you would like it for the money spent . i upgraded to marshmallow(os) and i love it  .   i like the software and most things about the device, but just wished the battery life and camera were better . overall a great device especially with the recent price drops and project fi . loving everything about the phone . my only regret is i did not get one more of it while it was on sale . i love the phone's size, 6 .0 inch, a perfect comprise for getting good experience on video viewing, browsing, messaging, doodling . i contacted them and they replaced it almost instantly (: i'm extremely happy for it . nice design'＜but not thin enough . would have given it 5 stars, but it didn't right out of the box .   black friday good chance . good price .   what a great value on a super big pure android phone . my wife and i love ours  . excellent phones with a clean android experience - and since i bought them from amazon no carrier bloatware  . after it was added everything went great, love the phone . heavy and big  . it is not easy to scrap in hand .   fantastic phone and a really awesome price point($350) .   amazing bargain for this price . super nice phone  .   this was an excellent purchase . the phone is super slick and smooth . no lag whatsoever . battery life is good and will get you a day of use easily . the screen is gorgeous! overall a great phone and a great value for the 64gb version . unfortunately the screen gets scrambled quite often, you need to press the main button and press again to see the screen fixed again . apart from that issue, the phone is nice, but for that money i could have something better  . got a good deal on this phone for $195 on black friday 2015 . big difference in performance and i like the big display which is easier to read and to type on a much bigger keyboard on the screen . i haven't had a chance to use most of the features yet, but i have no complaints so far   . amazing phone . incredibly happy with my purchase! thank you google  .   good but doesn't fit on all the way . will leave behind a strip of non stuck glass protector resulting in a big bubble strip . barely noticeable unless that stuff irritates u but for me it wasn't too bad  .   amazing phone . had a little trouble at the store getting it activated, but the tech was able to do it no problems . couldn't be happier with my purchase . i was a little worried about the size, but it's not as much of an issue as i thought it was going to be  .   great phone with super high end specs  .   if you like new android os update on tie from google . love this phone, i was actually going to return the phone because it quit working after listening to my carrier telling me how to set it up .  easy breezy  .   i purchased this phone in the 64gb flavor and i really like it . the only negatives i found were that it is a slick phone; in other words, i could have seen myself dropping it very easily and that it doesn't have a "restart" option . you can restart in safe mode but you cannot opt to simply restart . the problem of the phone being slick was easily solved with the purchase of a full body rugged hybrid protective case; but the restart issue is here to stay unless i opt to root the phone . some don't like the size of the phone claiming that it's too large  .   personally, i find the phone to be a perfect fit in my hands, but i'm 6'5" and 250lbs and have large hands .   good deal , and very good product , love it   .   love the phone  .   the phone is super fast and i love the charger it comes with ( turbo ii and turbo i and basic charge mode ) if you look at the charger on the back it tells you the voltage and it goes as high as 9v 2a on turbo ii mode i thought that was cool havent had any other phone that charges at a dynamic rate  .   great deal through amazons black fri sale . this phone is a yr old, but it's still on par w/ everything being put out right now  .   i bought this phone about two weeks ago, and it worked very well until today it was dropped from my desk which wass no more than one meter from the floor, the whole screen was broken  .   great phone . great phone . i found that i wanted a small tablet in my pocket and tried an international version of the galaxy tab s 8 .4 with the phone features built in, but i missed having the lte speeds and it was really just a little to big to hold with 1 hand . i have been loving it .   simply good works as a tablet and phone ;-) .   amazon customer service just admitted that they were knowingly selling defective units by saying the following when i asked for a replacement unit the second time for the same issue - bubbles under the screen . "i'm sorry to hear the replacement motorola nexus 6 unlocked cellphone, 32gb, cloud white (u . warranty) had the same problem as your first order . since it's likely another replacement would arrive defective, i won't trouble you with another replacement . very good products . phone is excellent! thank you for such a good experience  . insane prices . mad performance . it's screen looks like stadium . everything is perfect  .   best phone i've ever owned bar none! high tech specs, huge screen, good battery life, and it's gorgeous! the best part, i got it for $199 on black friday! i would have gotten it at amazons price regardless which is still a steal! motorola made one hell of a phone . if you're undecided, don't think about it just buy it, you won't regret it . peace out  .   huge phone but easy to get used to  .   can't be more satisfied with this phone  .   upgraded from nexus 5 .   very pathetic  .   too big to handle  .   best ever, fast - both nexus 6 & amazon  .   this is a great phone for watching youtube and movies . the speakers are loud and clear except that i had some issues . with the top speaker . also the volume rockers got stuck once but i fixed it . other than that i love this phone . great screen quality, camera, sound and design . fantastic phone, especially with marshmallow update  . even at amazon's normal price it's a great value and avoids those expensive contracts . i stayed with my at&t gophone plan and only pay $40 a month with unlimited text and talk, 1 . the phone's extremely easy to use and the huge screen is a plus . i was worried about the size until i got it in hand . it's crisp and bright, great for those of us who are getting far sited and have to take our glasses off to see the screen . it's also good for gaming . it is a little bulky in the front pocket which takes some getting used to, but after a while it's not noticeable . skinny jeans people will need to find another way to carry it . everything is really fast and smooth . voice recognition is accurate and a fun feature to play around with . just say "ok google, open camera" and it goes right into camera mode . you can open all your programs by voice as well as search the web . not a lot of bass but loud and clear . one problem i had initially was getting my windows 10 pc to recognize the phone to transfer files and allow it to charge . to fix this, go to 'device manager', 'portable devices', then right click on nexus 6 . other than that little bump in the road and slow usb charging i love everything about the phone . the nexus 6p is now available with slightly better specs (albeit a smaller screen) . personally i don't think the improvements are worth paying hundreds more outright or getting it through a contract . maybe next black friday, but this is the perfect time to get the nexus 6 . overall it has enough bells and whistles to keep this picky camper happy . if you're looking for a big, fast, fun phone, go for it . highly recommended  .   best android phone i've had . the antenna reception on this is amazing and it is as good or better than my iphone 6 . i'm not sure about other android phones, but it is much better than my galaxy s3 (fair reception) and note 3 (terrible reception, worst i've had on a phone) . the camera has some issues maintaining focus at times, so that leaves a bit to be desired . otherwise it's fast, has the best reception and is a nexus, what more can be said  .   it could have been better but a good camera phone   .   very nice phone . loved the simplicity of the phone .   the phone is awesome , it just that i didn't get a good piece  . screen cover was stuck back on with particles beneath it and lot of dust and fingerprints on the top . faint scratches on the corner of the device  . screen cover was stuck back on with particles beneath it . faint scratches on the corner of the device . no like for like exchanges  .   we use utlize batter saver mode . great phone that works on project fi  .   this phone is awesome in my opinion best smartphone value for the price . it is a pure android phone, was i turned it on, it immediately updated to android 6 . the phone is fast and has a brilliant display, and great battery life  . i guess only the drain of battery can stop it . hopefully, i just got a defective one .   was able to get verizon chip installed with no problems at the verizon store . don't love the camera on this device but other than that it is a dream to have an operating system without bloatware installed  .   absolutely loved this phone but after a month it stopped working completely . it's a shame because i'd love to give this phone a 5 star rating'''' . holy balls i got this for 200 dollars . it's freakin awesome! i love black friday sales . love everything about the phone except the volume . i don't know if its some kind of hardware mess up but if i pay for something i expect it to work properly  . i had recently owned a note 3, which i sold thinking i wanted a smaller size display . after seeing the price drop of the nexus 6, i had no choice but to ignore the urge for a smaller display and to pick up this 5 . when i first got the phone, the colors were a little on the yellow-ish side, but that went away over time and now the color display is awesome on android 6 . the phone is quick and has not lagged for me, and although some reviewers do not like the camera, i have nothing but glowing reviews from some of the pictures i send to friends . great phone from motorola  .   wow! awesome phone , couldn't' be happier . this is a beautiful phone with awesome features  .   great product amazon is amazing  .  , **** warning sprint could not activate this phone  .   the first phone i got from amazon was very glitchey with the software even after updates so they sent me a second model and it was working perfect for about 2 weeks and then the textile feedback from the power rocker got weaker and weaker n now that doesn't work but its still a great phone and if you get a perfect built on you could use it for a very long time . here is a quick pros and cons of nexus 6 (first hour) : pros: 1 . it's a pure stock android experience . it's a big pro . fast updates . the material design of android goes perfectly with the hardware's big flat real estate . my initial experience after i started using this ui is packed with fluid and fast interactions . fast charging . just a big whopping wow! 5 . perfectly sized . though, a bit wide perhaps, however, it holds nicely in the hand . i know i'd be disappointed with anything smaller after using it . even if you are using this as a secondary phone, get a nice bumper protection . get a nice wooden or leather back cover to mitigate this  .   nice phone, good battery  .   you must know by now that this is a great device . it is zippy and fast but still it is an example of a nexus device lacking few key features . some call it a warm screen but this one is too dull and too yellow . 2) battery drain - i have not installed many apps and have not even put a sim inside . it updated to marshmallow but still there is battery drain, battery drains in a day . 3) heating issue - earlier phones used to heat under heavy activity but this one heats even for casual browsing  .   i can't believe i got a very good deal on black friday . this is the best phone i ever had in my life . the pictures are so great, the speed, ram, memory all is perfection  .   what is it? as the name suggests it is the 6th phone in google’s nexus line as well as their first phone sporting a 6 inch screen . well technically it has a 5 . what’s hot beautiful amoled display . not the prettiest one but a really nice one . price front facing speakers nicely built inductive charging supports google fi network qi wireless charging what’s not motorola tramp stamp while the camera is one of the best ones found in nexus devices it still mediocre at best . no removable battery no expandable memory camera while not terrible it's just meh… design for the most part, all of the nexus devices were designed really nicely . i has a hard plastic back and a metal encased by a metal chassis with a 6” amoled display on the front . the front of the device is devoid of any buttons or indicator lights which gives the nexus 6 a clean look . the right side has the volume rocker as well as a rigged power button . bottom has the microusb port and the top has the sim tray and headphone jack . plus it’s a lot harder to take screenshots w/ one hand… performance: i was a bit shocked, but i haven’t ran into any harsh performance issues . there is a slight bug that i was getting when using spotify (at times when opening into the app it wouldn’t play any volume while the song was playing . this may be a spotify bug or a bug with android 6 . the phone does run hot when playing gpu intensive games . the audio sounds great coming out of the front facing speakers . the aren’t the best i heard but definitely still only second to htc boomsound . the camera is probably the biggest disappointment of the the device in my opinion . it isn’t a terrible camera, actually it is a really capable shooter with 13mp w/ ois and an aperture of '2 . the real killer is shutter lag, and meh camera app (get one from the play store…) . i’m not a huge selfie shooter but if you are you may be disappointed due to it only having a 2mp shooter on the front . price / value probably the most controversial issue is the price . i just didn’t seem like $650 was the right price for what you are getting . now that it is $349 it’s well worth it and i highly recommend it . if you want android in the purest form but don’t want to break the bank for the nexus 6p get this . the simplest answer i can give is that it’s the best value available . i doesn’t have the best camera, nor the best display, battery life, processor / performance but, it just works… (kinda reminds me of another device that just works  . any price below $350, this phone is unbeatable  . it works as well as can be expected from a high end phone, and a flag ship one at that . there are no lags or gripes that i have using this phone other than that it is slightly too wide .   speakers sound better than the nexus 6p, and you get wireless charging . do not trust them  . yeah right  .   i'm not that stupid  . i'm stuck without one! go with sumsung  .   thought it would be too big coming from nexus 5 . it is too big, but you get used to it in a day and the nexus 5 seems too small  . android is my favorite part .   purchased this phone last month and for the most part, i've been satisfied with most aspects of the phone (battery life, functionality, usability, etc) . i went to pick it up to read a text and was shocked to find my screen cracked . customer service rep paul told me that they cannot do anything about could the split screen malfunction because i did not report it prior to the cracked screen . it would cost $175+taxes to repair the cracked screen . i'm incredibly disappointed with the durability of this phone . not happy about the situation . one last thing, as some others have mentioned issues with the back cover .   it get hot easily . it resolution is great in all, but lack support from other apps to use it full potential  .   super fast . beautiful big, bright screen . nice build quality . upgradable to 6 . works perfectly with my t-mobile pre-paid plan . one of the best purchases i have made this year and is a great upgrade from my nexus 5  .   really good phone . good phone but plagued with software issues . nexus 6 is a nice phone . pretty much everything i don't like about it is small nitpick stuff that i can live without . i like big phones and nexus 6 is definitely a big phone . i can hold the phone nicely but it is on the big side if i want to wrap my hand over it . screen is sharp and beautiful and i found it to be snappy and fast . battery life feels good to me . usually after a 14 hour work day, i would have 60% battery life which is on par with my opo . i like the simple design . the camera and ring flash looks sleek even thought he ring flash is worthless and shouldn't be called a ring flash . the screen is sharp and the colors are great but the screen is dimmer than the opo . i don't mind the yellow tint, i like warmer colors but it would have been better if the screen was brighter to make the yellows in whites less pronounced . i don't like the button placements on the n6 . i don't like how the n6 doesn't have an led light . additionally, i find it incredibly annoying with android 6 . i find it annoying that i had to turn on hidden options to do simple things like showing the battery percentage . camera experience is nicer on the opo . n6 does a good job at taking quick photos though it takes longer to load . voice search on the n6 has gone off by itself quite a bit and it's pretty annoying . overall, this is a decent phone and i do like it much . however, i found the day-to-day use is much more enjoyable on the opo especially now their software is getting more stable . they're great phones . i used the tracfone (byop) sim activation kit and so far everything seems to work great . wow is this phone light years ahead from anything tracfone sells . i love the big bright clear screen and great camera . android marshmallow is a great step up from kit kat too . love the way it saves on battery life when the phone is just sitting around not being used . again i like the big screen . i know this is not the newest phone on the block, but it sure is much better than the phone i had, and will last me a long time if motorola builds a good phone? they seem like they do, but time will tell . in all money well spent to me  . indeed through out the night it charged from 20% to 73% only and i am having this problem right from 1st day  . i received today and when i opened the box, i found some air bubbles and scratches on the screen protector layer provided on the device . i am skeptical if i had received new product or not  . it is a beautiful phone, love it . the only and big issue is the phone becomes pretty hot during charging .5, and i just followed the below link to successfully upgrade my nexus 6 to android 6 . i wish it had supported light notifications as a standard, without rooting! would be happier if it had worked similar to nexus 5 in terms of tethering with grandfathered att unlimited data plan . though i don't tether usually, i would like to have it available for an emergency . the first and main reason to root nexus 6! one the very first unfortunate fall, the screen cracked .   i previously owned a oneplus one and the nexus 6 is an improvement in almost every way except perhaps battery life, but this is more than made up for by the insanely fast charging of the nexus 6 . pros: - the display (big, great colors, awesome resolution) . - quick charging is a huge win and gets my nexus 6 up to full power faster than any device i've ever owned . - no carriers to get in the way of timely os updates . in comparison, calls on my oneplus one were a mess and people constantly complained that they could not hear me, but on my nexus 6, i've never had a complaint about call quality . cons: - battery life could be better, but this is the price you pay for having such a big display . - display isn't as bright as i would like it to be which can be annoying on particularly sunny days . - camera doesn't take the greatest low light shots  . it'll take some getting used too as it's bigger than any phone i've ever had .   decent phone but the battery life sucks . it's touchy and right where i grab the phone . love the phone great condition, buy if you can  . pros screen ( size, sharpness, and brightness) good camera in outdoor lightning very responsive zero lag turbo charging front facing speakers cons front facing camera is a bit lower quality that expected rear camera in low light environments this is a great for for the price . great buy, unless you are constantly taking low light photos this may not be the phone for you .s the phone is large but coming some a smaller device may require a bit of getting used to . but in my opinion the advantages of the size far outweigh the drawbacks  .   great phone for its price that i payed for, which is $260 . i was very lucky to catch this sale because it sold out really fast . i have a lg g3 that my wife will be using now, because i thought the nexus 6 would be too big for her . i still think the lg g3 is more polished phone than this, in terms of little features like: different wallpaper for lock screen, customized icons, tap to unlock, etc . if you like watching movies/videos, play games on a huge screen, the this phone will get the job done and more  .   i like this phone  .   the size is huge but i have quickly gotten use to it even though i am petite and have very small hands . i use it to read a lot, like a mini tablet . i bought a case that has a strap hole and put a strap on it so i don't worry about dropping it when taking pictures . the picture quality is pretty good but the google camera app does not focus smoothly and can be very frustrating at times . however, putting on hdr mode will allow very good shots in poor lighting . very nice screen . the 64 gb size is great for downloading tons of videos and music . the sound is excellent- these little speakers put out better sound than my laptop that's a few years old . strangely our household has a nexus 5 and 9 and they both got marshmallow already but this hasn't yet  .   excellent product . great phone, however, at&t locked the phone to them as soon as i put their simcard into it . great phone, would recommend it because it is pure android .   great phone . device received is defective out of the box . device keep crashing with message, "unfortunately google app has stopped . i am very disappointed with this item  .   amazing phone, i have iphone 6, bought this for my mom and its lightning fast with awesome camera . great phone, total value for phone . very impressed with motorola, this is comeback phone  .   awesome phone if you are looking for a phablet and don't want to waste a lot of money . i was lucky to got a nice deal at amazon   .   this time motorola has given some decent hardware to back up the google sws . it would have been really nice if there could have a fingerprint sensor instead of m symbol at back --- overall a great phone   . absolutely love this phone .   good phone . i recommend it .not satisfied with all . everything about this phone is very nicely done . the look/feel/functionality is exceptional and the screen real estate is perfect . i'm so glad i decided to step up from the run-of-the-mill size phones  .   like this phone although i thought i would love stock android and nexus . still at $199 for a black friday deal, i can't complain (too much) . here are a few glaring issues i have with this phone after a weeks use . i'm not a big fan of the warmer tone as it makes the screen seems dirty and also lowers the vivid colors and resolution in my opinion . this is an apparent issue across the board with the nexus 6 . you have to manually swipe each window you want to close . * has a pretty strong vibration which cannot be adjusted or softened . this is very annoying and almost a deal breaker for me . i don't want my phone to be buzzing loud with every notification . this sucks hard! * google camera is almost too plain and simple . but the worst part is the annoying shutter sound which cannot be muted or changed . it doesn't even have your standard shutter sound, instead you get an annoying "blip" sound . super wack! * google photos is too minimal with very few options . there are no enhance settings or the ability to crop photos . you have to download a third party app to get all those nice features . motorola decided they wanted to be cool and different on this one and it takes getting used to . it just doesn't feel right, it's like learning to write from right to left, no thanks . hell no! * while stock android is minimal and nice, it seems almost too plain with few options . don't get me wrong i like it and the few things it has it does extremely well but sometimes i miss having those extra options the company skins provides, especially in regards to widgets . my lg g2 takes better pictures . overall i like the device but those are a few glaring issues that would make anyone think twice about it . yes i love the big screen, stock android with the fastest updates but in all honesty i wouldn't of paid regular price for it . good thing i got in on sale otherwise i would have returned it  .   update: after using it for few more weeks i decided to send it back, the biggest disappointment turned out to be poor battery life and occasional heating just on & off . the heating likely is causing the back cover to fail which is glued . battery life is not any better than galaxy s4 . hope was that the phone will run longer without at&t and touchwiz although phone is zippy compare to s4 . the back cover has big enough gaps almost all around the phone out of the box , not sure if that affects the durability of the phone but this is disappointing to see on a flagship device . it's gonna trap a lot of dust . everything else is great battery, screen, software, performance except front speaker are just ok  . plus big 6inch screen that i try to use with one hand, my thumb is getting exercise & getting longer each day . amazing phone  .   great deal on this . dumped lousy sprint and got on project fi . saving a lot of money, better service  .   the nexus 6 run's perfectly, fast and smooth and the amoled panel is awesome, but  .   after only one month of light use that gorgeous display has some image retention or burn-in and that is in excusable .   nice price nice phone . seems like a great phone so far in terms of operation (easy app/data migration from prior android phone; wifi setup was easy, though long  .) the sprint "orders" department told me they didn't have them, either, but transferred me to "order support" who said it was no problem and they'd ship me one to arrive in 1-3 days . be sure you get the right department on the phone! (not the new phone, of course, as it doesn't yet have a sim card and can only be used for wifi data, not phone calls!) . great phone . this phone has an amazing camera, if you are worried about bad low-light shots hdr+ and the dual-led flash compensate for this . my recommended case would be a'nexus 6 case, supcase [heavy duty] belt clip holster case for google nexus 6 (2014 release) [unicorn beetle pro series] full-body rugged hybrid protective cover with built-in screen protector (black/black), dual layer design + impact resistant bumper, fit motorola nexus 6'this phone has left me with 40-50% battery when going to bed . definetely a good choice for this price after 2015's disappointing flagships  .   got the phone on sale, couldn't be happier  .   tl;dr phone had crack in screen, told motorola, cost to fix was $0, motorola had phone for week and repair status was "inprogress", called to see how it was going and was informed that they wouldn't do anything until i paid a fee . i love my nexus 6 . it is a great phone . i have noticed online that other people have had issues with the screen cracking, and unfortunately i became one of them . i contacted motorola through their repair website, and entered in detailed information about the damage to the phone . it was very clear from the selections that i made that this was physical damage to the screen . all of this was smooth as butter . they informed me that there was no work order open for the phone, since there hadn't been a fee collected for the physical damage . so, not only were they not upfront about this fee, they gave me a price of 0$, accepted the phone through the mail, and never bothered to contact me about their decision to not do anything with it . they admitted that they shouldn't have been able to even collect the phone with it being physically damaged without the fee being paid, and that the online system shouldn't have been able to let me get a shipping label . so something went wrong on their end . but now they have my phone, admitted they made a mistake, yet they won't honor or acknowledge the information i was given when i made the decision to send them my device . they ship it back to me in the slowest way possible, but they won't even send it back with overnight shipping since they seem to see no problem with what they have done . i am appalled at their attempts at customer service, and how no one seems to be able to or even care about helping me  . to my surprise, the larger size is actually an asset, and makes typing, browsing, and streaming, faster and more convenient than my previous pocket phones ever could . what you lose in "cuteness" you make up in functionality . the one drawback is activation . but if your verizon rep is a dud, like mine , they'll tell you it can't be used . given the awesomeness of this phone, the time spent was well worth it  .   great flagship nexus from google in 2014 . and amazing price by amazon  .   great phone . highly recommend  .   best no contract unlocked phone out there . for the prices on here it's a steal  .   loving this phone  .   do some research if you haven't already and you'll find that this phone rivals any of the best phones of 2015 for a fraction of the price . it isn't perfect in every category but it is entirely enough phone for the average user . i was initially concerned with the size but have quickly learned to appreciate it . being androids flagship phone, this will always get the updates first which is a huge perk for me as i love having the newest and best! i am using this phone with verizon prepaid (allset) and it works great . would highly recommend this phone  .   it takes time for starting up, some times suddenly needs restart and after restart takes up too 5 min to recover  .   my very first smart phone . this is my portable video player right here  .   love this phone . i bought my last phone used in 2013, so when i finally bought the nexus 6, i couldn't believe how much android had advanced and how many cool features i'd been missing out on . i love the phone and it's a perfect conversation starter . i work near a college campus and and it's always fun to hear the college girls exclaim "wow, i've never seen one that big before!" . good case .   great product , cant wait to have it . best cell phone ever, great seller   .   excellent black friday deal, fast shipping, excellent service, and awesome device . i switched from an iphone 5 and the camera megapixel difference is astounding! still learning this phone and android set up, but absolutely love it  .   awesome phone, just buy it . what held me back was size but now that i have used this for two months i emphatically can say that i wish i did not wait this long before getting a phone this size . i jumped from a samsung galaxy s4 to this and remember all of the iphone fan boys telling me that was too big at the time and of course now apple is following the trend with larger devices . with this phone it's easier for me to text, use apps, read (news, social, web pages, etc) and i find that i am getting more value out of my large verizon payment every month .the phone works flawlessly, charges fast and is absolutely pocketable as long as you are not petite and wearing skinny jeans (i don't) . phone is also fast and charges very quickly with the packaged charger . also be sure to pick up a car charger if you travel (the one that supports rapid charging) and you will never have a dead battery . this thing is always ready to go! buy it! do it  . in addition, it has been upgraded to android 6 . huge screen, fast and nothing but pure google! no junk/bloatware attached! i couldn't ask for a lot more in a phone  .   i need saler contact with me , the reason i give them only 1 star because when i got the device try to set this phone , the screen rotation didn't work , phone speaker not work either, i know how to use an android phone  .awesome phone worth the price . the phone i received was the us version compatible with google fi . it's awkward to carry in a pants or coat pocket and my thumb can't reach completely to the opposite side of the screen while palming it .   great phone, just buy it if you can  .   really good deal  .   awesome price . it is really tight on the phone but i suppose it has to be to protect it  .   oh what a nice wonderful phone  .   it is was easy to add to my existing phone service too! the camera is extreme! love it! price really great too! i wanted to get an iphone and i am glad i didn't get one and bought the nexus 6 instead  .   awesome phone . very good phone . a hairline crack on the screen has appeared although the phone is protected and i have not had a drop  .   big and i love it . it has a beautiful screen and so much space .   product advertised as usable on verizon network . since i bought this on black friday ($200 = great deal), i can return the product  .   but i can't get the same exact phone from best buy --- which is locked --- but would be active on the verizon network  .   this is a great phone, totally unlocked . works great and still fits in my shirt pocket .   perfect for my husband with huge hands . converted my iphone addicted husband to android . thank you! oh yeah, and it gave me a little phone envy too  . the screen is super bright, fast and easy to use . so far i have been able to use all the apps i needed and found some great new one  .   i got this phone and i'm enjoying it thus far delivered in good condition the only reason it didn't get 5 stars was due to 1 accessory not being included(headset) . however all other necessary accessories usb,charger, pin to open sim slot were included so i'm happy with this purchase . can't believe i was able to get this phone for $199 on black friday! my daughter wanted a new phone and her tastes for phones is getting a little expensive these days and i've already owned the nexus 5 for two years so i already knew about the nexus 6 and how good it was, so when i saw this phone go on sale friday morning i jumped all over it! item arrived in 2 days and i've already opened and tested it and it works with no issues  .   great phone! it's 2015, but this late 2014 still runs strong .   love it, best mobile i ever used . i gave the nexus 6 5 stars because it is truly an awesome device! the 5 .96" amoled display is beautiful, the dual stereo speakers sound great and are super loud, the sd 805 coupled with 3gb of ram is super fast and snappy, and 32gb of storage standard is plenty for the average user . i chose the nexus 6 over the newer 5x and 6p! i like the design and build of the motorola nexus 6 . also, qualcomm dropped the ball bad with the sd 808 and 810 . i refuse to buy a device with either! i will wait for the 820, which is going to be an excellent soc! i however, received a device that would not power on unfortunately . the phone appears to keep lte signal better than my htc one phone, so i am pleased . the screen is amazing and vibrant . overall, a great buy, even at $399  . love it, i came from the samsung line of phones (loved the note line), which are still great, but with no bloatware this was perfect and many great features built in  .   just for $199 a nexus 6, wow  .   best deal in town . i highly recommend this phone . got two of these on black friday on sale for $200, great phone for great prices  .   i got a faulty phone that did not work . seemed like a fine phone  . i had the pleasure of owning the 5 and now i have the pleasure of owning the 6 . marshmallow has done nothing but improve my experience and i am loving the support google extends to there legacy devices . yes its big but thats why its awesome . i don't have very long fingers, but despite that, i am not finding it all that much of a problem to use . i really wasn't sure i would like the larger phablet . i was initially disappointed that it came with 5 .1, which made be feel better, but i still missed marshmallow, which i had on the nexus 5 . after a few weeks the marshmallow update finally made it to the nexus 6 and now i am happy again . loving 6 . the hardware of the phone really seems good and solid . the curved back is slightly odd, but i think it probably does help with the bigger screen . some of the most obvious good points start with the battery . i'm am floored by the battery life with this phone . the charging time is stellar; it doesn't seem to take 15 or 20 minutes for me to top it off . the camera takes some amazing resolution pictures  .   and makes big files as one might expect . i've already gotten some amazing pictures and the zoom-in capability is stunning . i am on the t-mobile network and wifi calling is a great new feature i've already used . it works far smoother than skype and solves a signal problem i have at one of my locations . i wasn't even aware the phone had support for it, but now i am, and quite happy with it, and it was so simple to enable it . so easy to use . i've had not problems with the phone, and at the discounted price i am very satisfied . i wasn't willing to go with the original price, but halving the price made this phone an easy choice, i have definitely not regretted  . awesome phone, easy to use, great versatility for everyday needs  . he loves it . its pure google, just like ios you dont have to wait for any updates . its a pity that people pay over $600 for the samsung, lg and htcs but its full of bloatware, manufacturer and carrier both . also there are people who paid top dollar for last years top samsung ans still waiting for the latest android 6 .0 update and he loves it  .   this phone has a very nice oled screen and front firing dual speakers . battery life is really good and reception and call quality excellent . all these phones lose value in less than a year and i'm sure todays latest and greatest will be available cheap next year .   the other phones which have pure google are the motorola made moto models and they are also not getting any 6 . forget about the lg nexus 5, its quite old and mediocre hardware  .   new device right out of the box could not charge even though the lightning bolt indicator is there . contacted tech support and they had no idea why this happened . battery drained to 10% while it was plugged  .   device as advertised, extremely fast free shipping  .   love the phone  . iphone 6s plus galaxy s6 edge plus m8 moto x pure/style note 4 etc it's good for an older phone and a cheap price . my favorite phone ever . takes really good photos, has strong sound, very clear phone reception and send (on verizon) . does work on verizon by the way . no problem and my phone bill dropped as i bought my own phone . big item is that this has wireless charging which google dropped in their newest releases . stupid  . so now i have this phone and another in reserve for when this one breaks  .   the phone came in great shape . no wear or tear, no issues with the phone at all either . this phone is a great way to say goodbye to the 32-bit mobile era (whose demise came too soon, thanks apple!) . i'm using this with google fi, and the hardware/software experience has been great for the last few weeks . wireless charging works great with some nokia dt-900 chargers . the shutter lag is disappointing, but i've never considered camera phones that great for android, unless you have an apple iphone (or windows phone for that matter) . i can eek out 2 days use pretty easily (moderate use) . the vibrate is way too loud though . the nexus 4 vibrate was soothing, but maybe too subtle . it would be nice to have an option to adjust the vibration intensity . right now, it's set to earthquake mode . it's rather embarrassing in meetings, and it coincides with me going completely wide-eyes, so it's extra awkward when everyone stares at me  . its fast and for the price i got it for on black friday, it was a steal  .   i have only had the phone for a full day but love it so far . one of my previous phones was a nexus 5 ahich i fell in love with . snagged it on sale during black friday . it is a very big phone but my previous phone was a note 3 so the size was not a problem . i have not played with it as much as i would like and will update this review later after more use  . otherwise pretty cool  . it has a defective screen that flickers constantly . now it will not work at all . amazon will only offer refund and not replacement . was on a great sale at the time . it is clear they have no intention of helping a customer out . i was not that impressed with the phone . it got very hot while doing updates . the camera is not that great and it was hard to do anything with it sitting on a table because it would rock back and forth  .   great phone for the price . works perfectly on at&t .   i bought a warehouse deal unit for a great price, and it arrived . the box was superficially damaged, which is to be expected with warehouse deal items . the phone itself was in perfect physical and working condition . i love the huge screen, and with the dual front facing speakers, make for the best media experience on any phone i've used . battery life is pretty good, but not great . while there is no expandable memory, 64 gb plus google's cloud storage make it unnecessary . the phone is very fast, and as usual with nexus devices, free of any carrier branding or bloatware . i've had the phone about 6 months now, and still loving it  .   great sized phone  . the large kb allows my clumsy figures to type more accurately . the photo and video quality is great for a phone . i plugged in a nano-chip for verizon and my install went smoothly after i called verizon . cons: this is sort of going to sound like a rant, my apologies . i ordered a phone when amazon listed it for $400 (64gb, cloud white) . the camera was complete garbage and every shot was dark . the batty life was abysmal . the screen has discoloration all over the right side of it (i have removed the screen protector just to ensure that it wasn't the screen protector causing this problem) . so i returned it and promptly bought another . the screen didn't have issues on the second one, but a letter was bent in on the backing "nexus" and was starting to come up . i did notice that the battery life was nothing like it was compared to my first order (maybe it was an actual issue with the battery) . quality control is nonexistent for these . a couple of other cons i think are no microsd slot (luckily the 64gb version is cheap), and its hard to find a place to put my phone in my car lol . the phone is also really wide and makes it damn near impossible to do much with one hand . pros: screen size is awesome for web surfing . i prefer it over my laptop . battery life is great when nothing is actually wrong with the battery . i was skeptical of the processor included on this phone but i have no gripes with it so far . typing is pretty easy on the larger screen . the phone is pretty thin and fits well in pockets . i love that they raised the back end of the phone more at the top so that the camera remains flush with the body and is not protruding like most phone's cameras do nowadays . the speakers are the best i've ever heard on any phone . this phone has turbo charging which is a huge lifesaver for a battery this big . this phone also includes wireless charging which was a requirement for me! thank you motorola for including this! once you really get used to using wireless charging (i have 3 throughout my house and one at work), you won't want to charge your phone any other way . all in all, this phone is worth it . if you get a lemon, the return process is great and you can order another one before sending yours back so you don't have to go without a phone . thank you amazon for this great policy  .   amazing device, and price . works flawlessly on att network . the missing star is for the lack of micro sd card slot, my kid's moto g 3rd gen has one, so no excuse  .   fast delivery .   so far so good  .   i still had been using an older iphone, 4s and it was beginning to have some software issues, freezing up, etc . with the reviews, many had said that the nexus 6 is a top notch phone . also my girlfriend being very happy with her nexus 5, having toyed around with her phone, decided on the nexus 6 from motorola via amazon . i couldn't be happier, the nexus 6 is a fantastic mobile device . from the shape of the phone, it's speed (it is fast), video quality and really loving it's sound quality . i'm very big on having music to listen to as i take a train daily with a total of 3 hours commute time . i picked up the sennheiser cx 300 ii earbuds and i'm highly impressed with the sound that comes out of the nexus 6, sennheiser earbuds combo . the only issue i did have had nothing to do with the phone itself, it had to do with using verizon as a carrier . i have read that it shouldn't be an issue to bring an unlocked nexus 6 to verizon but i had called them directly, their customer service and one of their local stores, they said they didn't support the unlocked nexus 6 . i actually have a better deal now with using at&t, unlimited calls, texting (internationally too) and 4 gigs of data per month . with verizon i had unlimited calls, texts (domestic) and 1 gig of data for $12 less per month . still may try out project fi, i encounter coverage issues in northeastern nj and in nyc with at&t . i like the nexus 6 so much that i bought an additional nexus 6 one a week ago for my girlfriend as a christmas gift . i highly recommend the nexus 6 all around, quality build and brand, quality hardware, quality software which in turn provides excellent sound and video . everything is fantastic about this phone, you definitely won't be disappointed  .   fantastic, fast, gorgeous phone . i was afraid it might be too large for my smallish hands but it didn't take me any time at all to get used to it . i've had smartphones for years, all htc, and even though i loved them all, there isn't an htc phone out right now that i'd buy . samsung is out because i have a new samsung tablet and i don't like touchwiz at all . too much extra junk on samsung tablets and phones that just slows the device down . i bought the white 64 gb version and it's a beautiful phone . pros easy to see fast, fast, fast pure vanilla android long lasting battery super fast charging stereo speakers cons the speakers aren't quite htc quality but they're still very good  . following are the issues i have experienced with my original purchase and the replacement i have received . you can google every single issue that i have experienced . there are hundreds of people complaining about every single issue . i liked the phone, so i wanted to keep it, but new issues keep on appearing and i was unable to troubleshoot most of them . this phone is only good for texting or web browsing . i love amazon for their customer service and support . they helped me a lot in replacement and return process . static noise / hissing sound - you can hear static noise when making phone calls . these noises are gone if you use bluetooth to make calls . no ringing when you make a phone call to some numbers - this is a very strange issue . you will not hear any ring if you call or you hear only one ring then phone goes silent until someone answers on the other end . pink hue - this is not a big issue, but it is there . takes long / stuck on factory reset - this phone takes long if you do factory reset . some of the people complaining about phone never turning on after factory reset . if you have used brand names like - samsung or apple, this phone is not for you  .   its a great phone i love it, the service was great :) . wonderful, reliable, easy to use, and the best phone i have ever used  .   super good black friday deal for $199 . incredible phone . best smart phone for this price (350)i was looking also for a moto x (more expensive) and the asus (less expensive) finally i decide for nexus, because i come from nexus 5 and the upgrades and "simbiosis" between os and device are incredible . battery life is so good and display is sharp and clean  .   amazing phone but why dosent it download to new 6 . sooo nice to have this upgraded, unlocked and and soon to be project fi phone . and, thanks amazon for the solid you did for me . very happy amazon prime customer . solid phone choice since switching over from iphone . there was a bit of discomfort of adjusting to android versus ios, but i'm adaptable . it's fast, screen looks brilliant, and it just feels like a grown man's phone  .   got my nexus 6 works very well and omg this phone is fast and sappy wow the snapdragon 805 performance is on top  .   the phone is alright nice battery life camera is alright also amazon selling this device is a little concerning due to the fact i bought this item less than 7 days ago for 339 32gb version and now today they are selling the same phone but 64gb version for 259 .99 when taking with a rep they couldnt do anything for me in the case of giving me the difference or even offering to send me the 64gb version instead but nothing at all just saying sorry for your troubles amazon is always great and ready to help but in this case poor customer service this is unsatisfactory . fast, no lag in programs . beautiful finish on the phone chassis . awesome display . isn't really as big as a lot of people think it is . fits perfect in your hand . totally worth the money to buy it  .   nice phone . i absolutely love this phone! excellent build quality, stock android, great value for the $$$ and it works great with project fi . if you wanna get into the phablet market this is a great phone for you  .   fantastic phone . love it! my nexus 5 was dropped into water so i have to buy a new one . the camera is much better than 5 and the screen is much bigger . good deal  . this is a high end phone with great specs and is priced right . i bought mine at amazon but this phone is currently available for less than $300 on new egg . highly recommend this phone if you are considering a phablet  . the plastic cover did not stick very well and was dirty . the sim tool was loose in the box . the phone works well, i was surprised to see that the notification led is not working, most likely an android 6 issue  .   i love it very much .   the best phone i have ever used . but, i being on at&t is at mercy of the my provider rather than google . a huge disappointment on that front and hence 4* . once you get used, the other phones looks like minions :) . great phone .0 marshmallow, the nexus 6 is as smooth and fast as any smart phone i've ever seen .   this phone had decent battery life; not great not bad either . it is impossible to read anything on it at night; it turns pink and if you turn off the adaptive brightness it becomes too bright even on the lowest setting . the speakers are amazing tho . like super loud and super high quality . this phone is worth it if you don't care about the display quality and the battery life  . love every moment i use it  . great phone for the price . the nexus 6 may be last years model, but it is fast and seems very well made . i previously used a samsung gs4 for 3 years, and the overall software may be a little more sophisticated on the gs models . i bought the phone for $261 used like new from battery assualt a third party seller, and am very pleased with the delivery speed and the build quality of the motorola phone . i am pleased with the battery life as i can get 3 days of my normal use . if you are looking for a phone that is worth what it cost, then this is it . i have nothing against the iphone or the other premium ones on the marked, but i like android and the other $400 doesn't make the phone function any better  .   great phone, price, battery life, and updates straight from google . if you are unsure about the size of the phone, you really should just get it . took some getting used to but now i love it  .   perfect cellphone . even a year after release, the nexus 6 is still a solid choice for those looking for a reasonably priced phone that performs well: pros: +stock android, get your updates quickly +no custom overlays or carrier bloatware bogging down the phone +runs smoother than some higher end phones +excellent battery life since android 6 .0 marshmallow +awesome quad hd amoled screen displays deep blacks, saturated colors +excellent placement of power/volume keys, they give a nice tactile feedback +u . version is unlocked and works verizon as well as gsm carriers . probably best for large hands . =while the amoled screen is great, it does have yellow or pink hues depending on brightness settings; several 2015 models have more consistent and brighter white displays . =midnight blue back is a fingerprint magnet, and matte finish wears smooth with extended use, a case is recommended =while the curved shape makes the phone easier to hold, it wobbles when texting on a table . 2015 has brought advancements to camera quality, screen quality and a bump to 4 gb of ram . if the absolute best camera quality is your number 1 priority, you might look elsewhere . given that most 2015 advancements were fine tuning already amazing features, the nexus 6 is plenty powerful and feature packed, even now . if size is a concern, i recommend seeing the phone in person at a local carrier store . this is a great choice for those who doesn't want (or have the option of) a 2 year contract . 2015 flagship phablets often run $500-700 so this is a great deal on a solid phone  .   i'm absolutely loving this phone, at this price it must be the best option around . loving it  .   have had nothing but a great experience with this phone .   its not what i was looking for as battery life is #1 but its a decent phone if you don't mind charging it throughout the day . if you have been considering this phone for a while but were unsure if a phone of this size would be good for you, your concerns weren't misplaced . this is a huge phone and you need big hands to operate this phone . but apart from that, there's very little downside to this phone . this is a snappy phone, which has a battery that you'd find hard to discharge within a day, no matter how heavy you use it . has a great display (supposed to be 4k) and great build quality . the biggest advantage of this phone is that you have stock android running on a very powerful hardware and lots of ram . the result is everything just works seamlessly and app response times are very quick . this really is a great phone and the hardware+software (stock android) combination is what makes it so great  .   great  .   decent phone . only gripe is the camera can't autofocus when taking video . this is a problem for fast moving video as it will be a blur .   great as soon as i learn how to use it . the price was right and i love the no bloatware . this phone has not been the best i've ever had but it is the one that works on google fi . the battery life is lacking and that is my main complaint . the rapid charger is a great thing, i highly recommend investing in the car rapid charger . good investment, could be better  . my favorite smart phone so far . haven't used the new nexus 6p but i like it much more than the lg g4 that i had before  .   so far i am very happy with the nexus 6 . no issues, nice large screen and can be upgraded to marshmallow os . its all google with no unnecessary applications preinstalled  .   pretty good  .   love the phone but its a bit big .   best phone ever purchase . it updates everyday and i don't understand why, it is too big and not as fast as i expected . i'm not happy with this phone . i'm selling it and switching to something less bulky  .   kind of big, but for the cost i got it at a pretty good unlocked phone . came from a gs3 so the more pure google interface took some getting used to  . the bomb! i love this phone  .   the best phone i ever had  . would give 5th star of the cord to charge wasn't the cheapest you could find, never worked, but why contact for another cheap broken cord  .   i am 100% disappointed with this phone . however i found out the hard way that this phone comes with a defect: it re-starts itself randomly several times a day for no reason . i looked it up online and found several complaints about the same problem . unfortunately the cheaper options don't work apparently  .   by far the best android phone i have used out of 5 others . not sure of the hardware had been revised since release but the camera is perfect in my opinion . includes ois for clearer pictures . the size is perfect to me and many people have remarked that it makes sense to have a 6" (5 . great for reading and enjoying video and games . great battery life even under heavy use  . now they are refusing to pay the customs and receive it  .   i'ts not as fast as i expected for a considerably expensive phone, and the size  .   good nevertheless  .   the n5 was a hard act to follow and aside from the huge display and its incredible blackness, the n6 is a step down . the biggest annoyances are the curved back that makes it very position sensitive for wireless charging, the lack of a notification led and the ridiculous oled notification screen that doesn't behave consistently regardless of settings . other than that, i don't notice a problem with battery life; i adopted wireless charging when i got my n5 and i haven't worried about battery since, i just have qi pads on my desks, nightstand and my car console, just set the phone down and it gets fed . rumor has it that there is a good old-fashion 3 color led hiding behind the top speaker port and it can be activated after the phone is rooted . i operate on call and having custom ring, vibrate and led notification colors is the difference between glancing in the direction of the phone and seeing the notification color and going back to sleep if it isn't important and with the n6 having to roll over, grab the phone, push buttons, interact with the screen and be fully wakened by the glaring . more on the screen: ooooh, so big and pretty  .   good nexus  .   really want to like this phone . battery life is incredible, consistently going 30+ hours between charges . amoled screen is great for its size, wish it weren't so wide though . at this price point, it's a great buy  . love it . great value . i love it! new item in original box, all perfect  . very nice screen and functionality . this phone is only one inch smaller than my tablet, and now i can download media straight to my phone using my unlimited data with my carrier . being that my new nexus 6 is more like a mini tablet than a big phone, the media experience is just as good as using my small tablet . plus the screen on the phone has better resolution than the tablet . only issue i have is that the battery does not last like it does one my oneplus one phone . the saving grace is that the phone has quick charging capability and charges fairly quickly using the supplied quick charger  . works great so far  . love this phone! i feel like it's an appropriate upgrade and a great as a first time phablet if you previously used a nexus 5 like i have . much more powerful, crispy screen and improved hardware . yes it's big, but if you're looking at this phone in the first place you aren't concerned about that, it's an overall great android experience . i also get lots of complements on this phone too, mostly from apple and samsung users! highly recommend  .   love it! really fast . the rest of the phone is very fluid and the screen is brilliant  . i'm happy i chose this phone, the pure android experience is completely superior to what samsung offers (i was tired of touchwiz, that's why i was going back to iphones) . at this price it's hard to beat . all apps work great and fast, camera is good, and battery lasts longer than my previous phone (samsung note 3) . one thing to consider is if you set up a pop account to the gmail app it will drain your battery twice as fast, sometimes faster .   excelent phone . the price doesn't reflect what this phone is capable of  .   the product is too good, but problem is weight . it is a beautiful phone  .   very good phone but shipping to nigeria cost more than 12 thousand naira . great screen (but could be brighter), amazing front facing speakers, great call quality, battery on android 6 . camera could be better but it's not that bad, i honestly generally prefer the pictures here to the lg g4 in auto the s6 has a better camera and the 6p i replaced this with is amazing if you want a great camera get the 6p . software runs great 6 .0 is android refined and it just works . nfc is oddly placed and makes tap to pay awkward . get this if: you want great speakers smooth and reliable performance great battery (6 .0 update) big screen respectable rear camera don't buy if: you want the best camera you take selfies it's too big are outside alot (screen is hard to see in direct sunlight) need the newest and best processor and fingerprint sensor buy a nexus 6p if: you want all of the positives from both categories above  .   these are beautiful phones . comes clean with no carrier garbage apps preloaded . very nice  . coming from using a galaxy s4 and an lg g2, i have come to appreciate the pure vanilla android os that is offered here . some of the gimmicks on the s4 and g2 are missing, like burst mode photos, double tap awake, and the ir blaster . however, the stability i get from this flavor of the os is worth the sacrifice (to me) . of course, you may want more advanced features . motorola has been around for ages, they make solid products, and the battery life of their android phones is far superior of most phones on the market today . if you are on the fence between buying this phone (at such a reasonable price for the specs you get), i say go for it . if my review helped you, please click the “yes” button . feel free to send me an email through my profile if you have any questions or comments  .   coming from a virgin mobile galaxy s3, i love this phone . haven't had much lag and it's been amazing for me . big plus for me is the quick charging and screen size . after that, my s3 just seems too small for me . the screen is great for reading . no issues for this phone running on 6 .0 marshmallow with project fi! although i wanted the 6p, i really don't regret buying this phone . price was a steal for its size and performance! it's cheap if you really compare to every other contract/no contract smartphone  .   only downside i have about this phone is that the camera doesn't focus in some areas  . worked great and looked cooler . issues i had were with the os which is on google not the phone itself . worth getting big time now that it has android marshmallow which is a god of smooth running  . motorola was kind enough to replace the 1st phone because there were a few glitches (power button froze at times and the screen didn't turn on when you needed it to) . this was mainly a problem because i work on my phone alot . i need to be able to answer every call, but when the screen won't turn on that makes it difficult to answer all the calls . while, it doesn't have the glitch with the power button, i have to constantly turn it off because my text messages aren't sending . and i have proof because i am in a group text with my business partners and they have been complaining about me not responding to texts . i would ask for a replacement phone but the nexus 6 is clearly flawed, so i will have to find a better phone . *sigh* my nexus 4 was so good to me  . big step up from my galaxy s5 . but nexus gets you into project fi so this is a cheap way to get started . i've had iphones, flip phones, samsung smart phones and this .   nice phone ,so i update to android newest version, so it maks good experence  .   the black siding on the case is starting to fall off . i've had the product 5 weeks and it is falling apart  . it's a good phone, good camera, but the screen breaks way too easily . i've owned a few and i've never had a screen crack from drops so easily . my best friend and i have both owned several . i hope the newer models are more durable because this might be the least durable phone i've ever owned . only reason i kept going back to it was because it's one of the only phones on the verizon network that is easy to unlock and root  . super great phone for this money  . this phone is super fast and free of all bloatware best of all you get the latest android software updates as soon as they come out  .   got error when trying to in''tall ota 5 .1 build lmy47d, i installed marshmallow and am liking it  .   there is a google nexus help discussion, called "nexus 6 data connection failure - cross carrier, location and os version", which details a huge problem with these phones . i love it  .   this is my first great android cellphone  . setup gmail account and home wifi then upgraded to the current 6 . the nexus 6 is working great  . works great  .   very good phone, took a bit to get it to update to marshmallow but after i got it, phones been good . my only real complain is how low down the lock button is on the phone, and how close the volume buttons are to it  .   good phone . very very pleased  .   the good: supersized display android lollipop better 13mp camera qi + turbo charging the bad: way too big for some no active display pricier than nexus 5 redundant messenger app the verdict: nexus 6 proves that google's nexus program is not only far from dead, it's alive and kicking with a powerful 6-inch phablet that runs its latest android software . i recommend this phone for someone that want great phone but want a pure stock android experience  . yet this goes on easy with no dust or bubbles . i am waiting for the crack to get worse before replacing . some people don't understand these are sacrificial screen protectors and that the glass must be weaker than the screen . if it was stronger it would just transfer the shock through the glass in to the screen  .   good price  . put a t-mobile sim card and it works like a charm . fast shipping  .   other android phone such as samsung, lg, and so forth got a lot of junk software that degraded the phone performance and battery life  .   excellent phone great sound . the system of this cellphone is a little lag and the battery is very hot . it is yet to be activated, i have had weeks of aggravation waiting for google to activate the phone, but good news! google has found out that this new unlocked nexus 6 is attached to tracfone, not unlocked and now i'm wondering if it's actually new . i'm shocked that this has happened, google and i have wasted lots of time on this nexus 6 .   amazing phone for the price does everything you wanted to do the screen resolution is amazing photos look great this phone is a beast  .   excellent phone this is my second phone . i have gifted to my son  .   i loved the phone since i got my hands on it . the marshmallow runs just buttery smooth and i don't notice any significant frame drop or lag when operating the phone . the reason why i gave it 4 stars though is because of the speakers issue i'm encountering lately . this problem really pisses me off . but i made some research on the web and there are many users having this problem and they say it is a hardware issue . other than that this phone is a beast and recommended for android fans who wants a budget friendly handset . finally, i want a response to my feedback by amazon to solve the problem i'm facing at the moment  .   big, fast & good battery life . quite a bit bigger than what i was used to with the samsung galaxy s5 . i thought it was a great deal and phone arrived quickly  .   good build quality; like the screen resolution  .   though not a motorola fan, had a pretty bad experience with motorazor long long time back (around 12 - 13 years back) since then never used motorola again, but this as my backup phone has helped to improve motorola's image for me at least  .   there are friends who are big time fans of motorola but somehow it failed to catch any fancy for me  .   hope using this for a long time will be good  .   wonderful machine  .   great hardware, battery life not so great though  .   excelent phone   .   great phone but the phones speaker for talk stopped working so one star . great screen and touch system, always updated to the last version of android . the display is huge if you are used to smaller phones, but when you get use to it, its fantastinc  .   big  .   freaking  .   it's a great price and it does everything you can think of quickly and without drama, i, however don't play games on my phone so i can't comment on that aspect but using it as a tool, and not a toy is awesome . what i don't like is that it's almost too big - it fits great in my back pocket but god help you if you sit on it but really, you won't forget it's there . it's big but not an irritant and it's well balanced in my hand, the back is a little slippery so keep that in mind . buy one now - especially since you can find them cheap (also, do yourself a favour and buy a case asap) . it has both cdma and gsm receivers in it so no issue taking it to all 4 carriers . the quality is top of the line no need for a case unless you need one for other reasons . this noise is quite easy to notice, i can clearly hear it in the quite room .   i'm just glad i received the us version after reading a review that said they received the international one  . this is intolerable, i bought nexus phone for timely updated . and i don't want to flash my phone with pain of reconfigure . bad experience google not a great support  . i bought two nexus 6 phones to try out and they have been as good or better than our any of our iphones in the past . if these turn out to work as well as everything else then this phone is unbeatable, especially for the price .   perfect except the back is already coming up . excellent device  .   great phone! love the camera quality and the battery life  .   as a loyal longtime nexus 5 user, i decided to remain in the nexus family despite suffering from serious battery issues in nexus 5 . nexus 6 is a purchase i am delighted with so far . processing speed is fantastic, user interface is seamless and the design is a perfect phablet . brilliant to use kindle reader app and watch stuff on netflix . speaker is good as well . i really like this phone  .   this phone is awesome! i wasn't sure if i would like the size and at first it took a bit getting used to . now i can't imagine using a smaller phone! the phone is very fast and smooth as well . the screen looks amazing and the battery life is better than i expected . i just charged from 34% to 100% in about 40 minutes! i suggest a nice bumper or tpu case for it though . it is essentially clear and really shows off the beauty of the white nexus 6 . i'm on google's project fi and really like that as well . this phone is a great deal for $400 for the 64gb version (i highly recommend the 64gb as the storage is not upgradeable)  . otherwise, this is a great phone .   what an amazing phone . i had the nexus 4 for two and a half years before it slowed down at all . google products are the way to go! my phone is easy to use, beautiful display, good call quality  . great hardware too  .   after the $300 price reduction, the nexus 6 became a deal impossible to refuse .5" i had grown extremely fond of . the nexus 6, through and through, however, is a better device across the board . brighter screen, higher pixel density, more slender dimensions, much much better sound, improved photographic clarity . at this cost, the device is unmatched  . not perfect but a very good phone . great for large hands . very good hd quality screen . lots of available accessories . no added bloatware, just a pure android experience . very happy with this purchase  . at first, turning on the screen felt like i was sitting at an imax theater . feels great in my hand . there is no substitute for the pure android experience of nexus phones . most manufacturer's insist on cramming the os full of their own crap no one needs or even wants - stock 5 .1 (which this will upgrade to very shortly after you're using it) is snappy and fantastic . if you're ok with the enormous display size, this device will not disappoint  .   extremely happy with my purchase . i upgraded from a galaxy 3 . this is a monster phone, especially at this price  .   no regrets after two months with this phone, especially at the previous sale price . good voice clarity and a great screen . i typically get at least a day of battery use but the included turbo power charger is amazingly fast when i do need it . the phone has worked great on t-mobile but i've just switched to google fi, which was my primary reason for replacing my previous phone with the nexus  .   i love it . i love the premium feel of this phone  .   works like a charm and sometimes lasts couple days  .   after nexus one, nexus s and droid maxx (also known as motorola xt1080m), i chose nexus 6 as my 4th android smart phone, of course it didn't make me disappointed  . i truly believe this is the best smartphone out for the price  .   very pleased indeed  . super crisp display, great camera and very nice design  .   i love it! could ask for a better phone   .   good one  .   good solid phone, definitely priced just right a real bargain . highly recommended  .   this is a very good pphone!phone . it came on time and no scratches or dents with the phone . a great buy . loving pure android  .   great  .   fast, i loved it  .   fantastic phone! love it and can't wait to switch to google service as soon as it is available in my town! love this so much more and my iphone and my samsung galaxy  .   awesome phone  .   works great with metropcs ! a top of the line phone with unlimited 4g lte   . excellent! highly recommended  . and i like it . thank you  .   arrived before the expected time and works perfectly  . i absolutely love it . i got the 64gb version, and i am very glad that i did; i generally do not tote around too much media, but if i find a good wifi connection sometimes i do download large amounts of data, or otherwise use the device as temporary storage for large files . also, the lack of an sd card slot makes the larger storage capacity that much more important to me . i have had many bad experiences with phone microsd cards corrupting and losing data, though, so i actually do not miss it that much . some suggestions to make your phone ever better: - get a microusb -> full size usb adapter, they are available here on amazon for dirt cheap, and let you plug in devices with full sized usb ports . not a big deal . - generally, i find it easiest to copy files to/from the device by using a combination of the es file manager app on the phone to create a ftp file server using the app's remote manager function, then on your computer (connected to the same wifi network) i used lftp on the command line to mirror the entire directory structure of the device's "sdcard" directory, where most all of the user-data and media is contained, right to my pc . this works great in both linux and on os x (install it with homebrew package manager) . it works even better if your computer has an ethernet connection which it can broadcast and share over its own wifi network; this function is built into os x under the share settings . the advantage to this, especially on the mac, is that i do not have to deal with the horrible android transfer software which is buggy and glitches out and drops connections a lot . it seems to be a good deal . but this is one of the few devices supported by it, so that can be appealing if you want it . the camera is decent in bright settings, though really bad at night; don't plan on taking landscape shots of the city lights at midnight with this one . overall, a very capable phone, and while its already a generation old, i don't see why it shouldn't last for a year or two, or more, as is the typical expected lifespan for android devices  .   great price for a great alphabet . fast and responsive . battery could be better  .   huge screen and it's durable  .   good  .   awesome phone, even when it has a really large screen it fits well in pant's pocket, so all good for me  .   nexus doesn't have the gimmick functions like my previous samsung galaxy note 3 . only downside i came across the phone its with the t-mobile service, voices breaks in and out like bad reception . i have to rely on wi-fi calling for a clearer reception . i have perfect hearing, and sometimes i have trouble hearing through the speaker part of the phone if i don't place my ear directly at the right spot . and the phone supposedly has this ergonomic curve on the back side, but i find it hard to text while placing it on the table . it will spin or wobble as you press against it  .   great phone, it's better than sony z3 . the phone is not that much better than my n5 . best mobile i've ever owned - and i've been through a few .   a very solid and well built nexus phone by motorola and google .0 (marshmallow) and it runs like a dream . extremely quick, great battery life, and a gorgeous amoled screen that is 5 . call quality is both crisp and clear with great signal strength .   i truly love my purchase . there was a bit of frustration between whether i received to international or us version . overall, this is one that i strongly recommend and would purchase again  . today i realized that i have dead pixels . its so small but im afraid that it may increase and capture the entire screen or getting bigger dy bay day . im so sad about it . i really really liked this phone and i almost got used .   if you like big phones this is the one . awesome screen definition, great stereo sound with two front speakers, great performance even when updated to marshmallow  .   really good and worth it  .   it's great for the price . definitely recommend  .   i love everything about this phone  .  , i lost money and i lost phone, my dream phone ended up being my worst nightmare  .  , i just hope i still get back my refund anytime soon  .   this $400 phone was great until it barely tapped the ground and shattered . i would understand if it was a bad fall, but it wasn't . seems like an expensive phone would have better glass . it's been a week and i really am enjoying my nexus 6 . it takes great photos and they look great on the 6 inch 2k screen! apps open and operate quickly with the fast cpu and ample memory . the nexus 6 operates on lte band 12 so i will get the benefits of 700mhz performance as t-mobile upgrades the sf bay area! (really looking forward to the better range and building penetration provided by band 12 .7 inch lumia and just fits in a rugged qx xx-large nxt heavy duty case with the ringke fusion scratch resistant clear back drop protection bumper case installed . my first glass screen protector and i will never use film again! only negative is the lack of a micro-sd card slot for additional song storage .) battery performance could be better given the phone's size .   nice super fast phone  .   it is an extremely good deal at $350  .   super sweet phone . but, it is frigging huge . does not fit well in any pants pocket  .   quality build, prompt delivery and well packaged . large phones are not for everyone, but i had a sprint samsung galaxy note 3 so the switch-over has been pretty easy . i bought a ringke case because it has a small loop to connect a lanyard  . the nexus 6 motorola is one of three phones that will work with project fi . it seems to be well built i only had it for a day when google updated to android 6 . customer support is without peer! imagine talking to a human being within minutes of contacting them (they will call you back, too .) fyi, project fi has the same great customer service . the camera works well, and with camera fv-5, takes raw images- a big selling feature for me . why not 5 stars? i haven't had it long enough to see how it well it handles being out in the world, i suspect it will be fine but who knows? i will update my rating as it is warranted . so far, very happy camper  .   excellent phone, definitely a great time to buy it, 64gb is more than enough for me . screen has some yellow tints when it should be plain white, but i think that's a known issue  .   nice phone, well worth the money . fast, clear resolution, strong battery .   so far has been the best android i've owned to date . at first the size seems overwhelming but you get uses to itbvwry quick . once you do it seems impossible to go back to using anything less in size . those alone make the phone top notch, and that's not even getting into how responsive and quick the device is . well worth the money glad i waited for them to drop in price  .   just one thing making me recall of nexus 5,which covered by unslippery cover with good handfeel,but for this nexus 6,the back cover and whole shape is a bit bizzare,which keeps rotating while putting it on the table and keep slippery while holding in hand,not an ideal design from safety perspective  .   this is a great phone for half the price verizon is selling it for (as of october 2015) . it is pure google android lollipop 5 . it scared me a little getting it activated, it takes some time for everything to "sync up" i guess . following the instructions on the verizon site everything went perfect except getting the verizon cloud backup of my contacts to download was very slow and awkward . the cloud app menus are not the best . the next day the phone was perfect but then the following evening suddenly all my contacts were gone! i went to the vz site on my pc and looked in my cloud drive . i found all of my contacts in the trash can! bizarre . i undeleted them and started "backup" - the wrong word in my opinion - and they were restored to my phone again . great battery life, superior to s5 . great, large display and no cheap easy to chip plastic chrome around the glass like on the samsungs . verizon will give you a nano sim card for free at a company store or mail it to you if you request one online . i used the chat feature and the rep knew exactly what i needed and had no problem at all with this not being an "official" verizon phone .   battery problem returned the product . this is a great phone, and for $350, it is highly worth the cost . the screen is a bright 6 inch high resolution 1440p screen . the speakers are dual front firing speakers, which are great for watching movies and listening to some music, a much needed upgrade from my old samsung galaxy s4's single rear firing speaker . since this phone is a nexus, this phone always gets the latest versions of android in a timely fashion straight from google . i would highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone and is on a budget  .   personally i like the larger "phablet" sizing . if you like the android os and the size of this phone (it will not fit into my pants pockets), you will like this phone . my wife, for example, will never use this phone because she prefers apple's ios  .   i always like to use a mobile phone with best specs and performance and, google nexus 6 fullfils all that requirement  . worked on verizon wireless  .   i am enjoying this phone immensely . so much better than my old apple 4 iphone . it's almost like having a mini-ipad within your reach  .   really nice phone, fast processor, crystal clear screen . i found it useful to hang it on my belt when i'm working or sitting, and slip it into my pocket when i'm walking  .   great phone! works perfect . in my opinion the best product for this price  .   a fully capable phone . i like the idea of prompt android updates . the phone is bigger than i thought it would be  .   that's not terrible but i probably would have been happier with a screen that was just a bit smaller so it would be easier to get it into my pocket  .   nice 6 inch screen . enclosed battery (not sure how to change it out when it goes bad one day .) other than that its a really nice phone . i need charge it everyday, but i like moto . as soon as i opened the sealed box and saw this huge phone i fell in love with it! i could not ask for a better phone . it is a very very beautiful device which as completely replaced my samsung tablet for good! i highly recommend this device  .   stop looking for a phone this is the best phone for android  .   awesome phone . i love it battery life is good i love the larger screen . i was concerned before i got it was going to be too big to fit in my pocket but it fits find the tapered edges on the phone make it seem not nearly as big as it is in your pocket . the only problem i had was the stock charger that came with the phone this is super fast boost charger and overheated the phone while charging . so i have stopped using the stock charger and use my old charger haven't had any problems since  .   love this phone! size is just right . screen is perfect size . best phone purchase ever  .   awesome phone . best value of any phone on the market plus it gets the latest android versions months ahead of the rest . love it  .   wow is this a crazy good phone, especially for those who live in rural areas . while other reviews have covered the other excellent specs of this phone, i want to just say what a big deal it is i'm even able to write this review from my phone . while extended lte isn't as fast as the lte i get in urban areas, it's still broadband . not only does this phone support the newest cell protocols, but it also has an incredible antenna . with the price dropping because of google's newer nexus 5x and nexus 6p i couldn't be happier with the price for performance  .   best deal on any phone out there . this phone is terrific! amazing battery life on marshmallow  .   or whatever was left of it after an unsuccessful attempt at removing it from what i guess . other than that small annoyance, it is great! especially after using the same smartphone for more than 3 years . great phone . i am so disappointed with all the audio issue it comes along, and it was performing way slower than i was expected  .   perfect size for my hands and aging eyes . only minor annoyance so far is the power button is right in the middle of the phone, so when i pick it up on the go, i occasionally hold the power button too long, rebooting the phone . would have liked to pick up the moto-care protection plan, however motorola only offers it if you purchase the phone through their website .   works perfectly fine, it's my first nexus and i'm loving it! the only thing i could complaint about is the fact that it didn't come with earphones, besides that, it's a great buy  .   fantastic device that worked just as expected . clean stock install done on it with marshmallow and it flies! i bought a 6p but returned it because this phone suits my needs and is $200 cheaper  .   beautiful phone . the phone is simply awesome  .   the size is good if you are like me who is into big devices . the screen resolution and camera are really good and i have to say that android marshmallow is really smooth and so far it has supprised me with a couple new features . 100% recommended  .   great phone . pretty much has to be a 2 handed phone . works great with project fi  .   the phone is great and i had no problem with the transaction  .   good phone . works well . it was actually recommended to me and since my previous 2 phone died on me . so far its been running and performing way better than my galaxy s4 and my lg g2 which both of those phones gave out on me and they were fairly new as well . im not too happy about the camera though my lg g2 took photos with much better resolution and in dark areas as well . the camera on this phone takes pictures too dark but thats not really an issue for me . delivery was fast as well .   a great phone and an insanely speedy delivery i got it 2 days after i ordered it i recommend it to everyone :) . the phone is beautiful, blazing fast and stunning overall  .   i am so impressed with this device . it has great camera and battery life that lasts all day . i love having qi charging . i don't think you can go wrong with purchasing this phone . it is a bargain currently on amazon  .   wao! this is the best phone i've gotten so far . i've an iphone user for some time now, but needed an android phone for the google services at my work and well i gave it a try and it's been quite smooth . only have used it for 1 day but it's extremely easy to use . only issue is that it get a little hot when using it over more than 10 minutes straight but is not discomforting . give 5 stars as the design fits all my needs and i got android m upgrade right away  .   great phone . maybe i just got one from a bad batch . for a last-generation phone, it still feels like a new phone . everything is smooth and quick, battery life lasts more than a day with moderate use and several hours or more of heavy wifi tethering . it is a large phone though, i struggle to operate it with a single hand  . it came in bad condition . phone was dirty and had a couple of scratches  .   this is my first nexus device and i love it .0 update quickly and this improved battery life . the device is responsive (at least with my nova launcher settings i have no issues) and the 32 gb of memory are more than enough for my spotify music and the apps i use . some games such as hearthstone might lag at times (not sure if this was a thing of the past before i played a few matches or if it's the game/resolution that is too demanding) . the camera takes some amazing pictures (if you set it at 13 mp with the 3:4 aspect ratio) . the camera software will also improve according to google so the quality might improve in time as well . while i was uncertain if the size will be too much for me, i can say that within a few days i got used to the big screen, and in a few weeks any discomfort completely disappeared (i do have big hands and i don't mind using the device with 2 hands for the most part) . the amoled screen is great for watching youtube videos and maybe some netflix while the stereo frontal speakers do a nice job with the sound as well  . all of my smart phones (in the past) have been iphones . i have been happy with them and apple (but not at&t) so after looking i decided to try google fi . i could have bought a phone from them, but amazon offered a $100 better deal . i could spend the same amount and get a better phone (which i did) or get the same for $100 less .   the phone is great, the screen size is great (i'm a little older and the extra real estate is great for these eyes) . in addition the features are excellent (never really used suri) so i'm not sure there is a replacement for that, but everything else seems to be nearly the equivalent of the iphone . the iphone is better set up for the beginner, but if you have been around a while, you can make your way through this with a little patience and common sense . but everything worked fine .   fantastic phone, excellent condition, very much recommended  . fantastic phone, qi wireless charging is great, screen is fantastic, with android 6 the phone is the most current you can buy  .   good phone! love the size even though it's very thin .most definatly need a case to protect it in case it falls .i have average hands and it seem small to me . highly suggest getting a good protectiv case like mako heavy duty case  .   very clear bright picture and grafics  .  easy to read for my i should be wearing my readers eyes . i am new to the android platform, but i am really enjoying getting to know it  .   i wanted this phone when it first come out but the price was pretty high . cracked glass . i'm one happy customer  .   it's big and full of power . easy phone that doubles as a tablet . awesome product  . i decided to get a big phone and try to live with one device . two months in i'm saying it was a genius move . big in the pocket sure, but big when it comes to web surfing, email, buying stuff on amazon, etc . super great as a gps unit when i travel . holy cow! love, love, love this device  .   this is the best phone i have ever had . its rooted with custom rom and its awesome, the reception is great batt life is great and screen is great . i would highly recommend this phone to everyone  .   my wife is very happy with this new phone  .   it is good phone - although did not realize how big it is till i got it . it is big and so i love it .   great phone, photography is fantastic and super easy to use . however battery life could be better  . after coming to the nexus 6 from the lg optimus l90, i feel like i've come back into the cutting edge for phone devices . i have experience only one moment of slow-down, and that was when i was running a ridiculous number of apps . great camera, especially considering the wasteland from which i was coming from . i have not tested the latest operating system, marshmellow, yet, but the phone runs stock lollipop extremely well and i do not expect marshmellow to run poorly on this device given the specs that it boasts . the only real issue that i have had with this phone is the battery life, but if you aren't as heavy a phone user as i am (and you probably aren't--i have a problem), you will be able to get through a work day on a charge . the charger that motorola has provided also charges the phone extremely quickly, so if you just plug in the phone for 15-30 minutes, you'll be pretty much back up to 70-85% to get you back over the hump . you might want to wait for a 6p price drop or just get the 6p now, but this is really a stunning phone and if you want to save a few dollars, go ahead and order this incredible phone . it's the best phone i have ever owned  .   quite a good phone generally, being native google means no manufacturer bloatware and you get updates the second google releases them . i'm using it on google fi and it's awesome  .   nice phone, pretty fast compared to my earlier phone . beautiful screen, beautiful camera . size took a little bit of time to get used to but now everything smaller feels inferior . if you wear tight pants with small pockets it straight up doesn't fit, but there are plenty of alternative options to putting your phone in your pocket . i would absolutely make this purchase again if given the choice, great use of my money  .   i love it . it is an excellent phone .   pretty good . great phone all around  . i reset the phone and still the same issue so i called tech support . we tried a few more things and it was determined that it was a hardware issue and that i should talk to motorola . i decided to call amazon and before i could finish my story they had a new phone on it's way and a return slip for the faulty one . kudos to amazon for the awesome customer service . this is one of the reasons i am a loyal customer . i love this phone and have already ordered a second one for my husband . it's fast, easy to use, the screen is beautiful and i love the front facing speakers in fact there isn't much i don't like about it . the size is a little cumbersome but i think i will be able to get use to it . after reading a million reviews that said it was huge it was actually smaller than i thought it would be when i unboxed it . the one thing that i really dislike is where the on/off/volume buttons are . the nexus 6 has won me over to android permanently . good bye apple! i am a little concerned about the warranty and whether the phone actually comes with a warranty . right now i'm a very happy nexus owner  .   fantastic phone . the only issue i have with the phone is that the vibration is fairly loud compared to other phones that i have owned . on the plus side, the phone is very fast (just below the new 6p in specs) and is meant to run custom roms without issue . i can safely say that it is the best phone i have owned  . i bought it because i didn't want to wait for os updates, but this defeats the whole purpose  .   great product, speedy delivery  .   terrible quality  . the phone works great and wow, what a beautiful display . it is big but didn't feel so big that it was awkward or difficult to use . i always carry my phone in my pocket and had no problems there . where the rating takes a hit is in the fact that the first phone i received went right back after discovering that the headphone jack wasn't working correctly and then after having and enjoying the replacement for about 2 weeks i noticed that the back cover was coming off! ughh! even after all that i still love the phone and decided to keep it . easier than having to go through the return process again  .   totally satisfied  .   this phone is awesome and for the price this is the best phone you can get . the shipping was also really fast  .   very good item . great phone, great price  .   fits nicely in my bear hands  .   i've been using this phone for about 4 weeks and i have to write to say that i love this phone completely . it is big and i love the front facing stereo speakers . i have cell service from gosmart, which has limited range compared to at&t, but is much cheaper . this nexus 6 beats the s4 hands down, of course, and it is better than the oneplus one .   i just picked this thing up recently for a really cheap price and it's honestly incredible . don't let the fact that it's a little over a year old deter you if you're considering picking this thing up . people tend to complain that it's too big, but as someone with larger than average hands, i find it really comfortable and honestly? i could never go back to anything sub 5 . a steal at the price its being offered at  .   phone was great while it lasted . i bought this phone on 10/24/2015 and took my about a week getting it set up because of sim card issues (my fault) . then on 09/30/2015 the battery was depleted and the phone died and would not charge anymore . i tried everything the support people told me to do and nothing worked . upon further review this happens pretty often when the battery is depleted . what kind of terrible design makes it so that your battery powered electronic device will stop working forever because it runs out of battery? i have spent hours with tech support and they took up hours of my time because they would not forward me to who i needed to speak to . yeah so, tl:dr this phone will try to kill itself permanently every time it runs out of battery .   amazing phone . awesome display  . it's a very good phone and everything run ok . i recommend the product and the seller  .   i love it but haven't got my update to 6 . i am disappointed in the purchase . incredible phone, i never expected a phone not made by apple could achieve this level of quality . the display is gorgeous, very bright when needed, the phone is fast, smooth, the camera is muchos better than what i expected after reading some reviews . i am loving the wireless charging cappabilities built in, i think that i like android even more than ios  .   other than a pretty fragile micro usb socet that for pent from day too the phone is pretty good . a steal for $350 .   excellent phone . i'm using it with project fi, which sometimes has issues autimatically connecting to working public wifi through my cable provider (xfinity)  .   one of the best phone for $349 . i love android phones and nexus gives the pure android experience . love this phone and got 64 gb model for a reasonable price . phone responds super quick, boots up past, with a very smooth user experience . only downside for me is the front camera which is 2 mp where as some androids from 2014 are having better front camera  .   well, my first nexus phone, enjoy the "pure" andriod, google software, andriod update, also the big warm screen . no complain on the plastic motorola . all in all, very good for me, hope it could serve me more than two years  .   amazing phone . love this phone  .   the size is just pleasing  .   the nexus 6 is a great phone, but is not for everyone . this is a reason i wanted it, but can be very unwieldy for most . i enjoy the clean, simple design which google has created . many would rather have the feature rich skins which non-nexus devices ship with . other than these possible set backs, the nexus 6 is a great flagship device . it contains all of the top specs expected on a new phone . the build quality was quite premium and the amoled screen is a joy to use . since the price has been dropping recently, this is an exceptional buy . if you enjoy stock android and ridiculous screen size, this is the phone for you  .   best case for this phone, great purchase  . i purchased it specifically to use with google's project fi to get out of my pricey wireless contract . it is big! but i've grown to like it . i'm large myself at 6'5'' so i have no issues with the size . i can read kindle books without squinting at a small screen or without pulling out my ipad . the camera shoots beautiful pictures and i have used it to create videos that i shot in 4k . if the size doesn't bother you, it is a great phone to have  . i recently purchased the nexus 6 and i love this device it is by far the best device,as far as phones go, i have ever owned  . that means its not compatible with google fi . google fi won't work with phones less than 5 . super dissatisfied  . the camera cannot work recently, and it reports mistakes when i open it . i dislike it  .   love my nexus 6! my husband bought one in august and then i had to have one . glad i waited a couple months because i purchase mine for $150 less  .   for 400 it represents exceptional value and performance . great deal great phone  .   the phone heatup a lot and the battery life is really bad  . everything run smooth, great value in this price . i prefer select nexus 6 other than the new generation nexus model  .   i am very happy with my phone  .   disappointed with screen pattern . looks poorly  . good phone for the price . the 4g lte often lost connection .   best phone ive ever owned . love love love it . camera issues (could not connect to camera error) . nexus 5x is overall better for the same price  . why am i buying a nexus for locking into att bulls*** that i am not even using the company! i am so furious that google will even cooperate with att to push this update . now i am uses to a big phone, and happily it fits in my skinny jean . i wont go down any size smaller than 5 . the evolution of smart phone is more and more evident of a necessity of daily life and its increasing the time you are interacting with them . a big screen really helps both the battery life and interaction experience . if you are not crazy about the finger print sensor, which i think it will become a necessity in coming years, but not now, yet . you should go for this cheaper phone . if you are taking a lot of indoor photos in dark environments and thinks finger print is a necessity now, like your bank signin supports it . others are only worse systems with the manufacturer try to make it harder to use and slower to even no upgrades of the os  .   this is a really good device, the only downside for me was the fact of not coming with android 6 . besides that, i recommend it  .   no regrets, great phone purchased at great price . however, hope product does not require warranty service cause motorola seemed to have horrible warranty repair service lately  .   excellent product . works great  .   i love it . nice phone . no carrier apps to kill performance and battery life . it is a huge phone, but that is what i wanted so i couldn't be happier with it  .   what a phone! the size i want to view, read and play games with stunning clarity . plus the latest android marshmallow operating system and all for a great price now it has just been superseded . i love it  . once that done, pure android   .   it is big and at first overwhelming but after awhile you get use to the size while almost every other device seems tiny . the sound is good quality not as good as htc one in my opinion but nontheless better than rear or side speakers . display was a jump from my htc so i liked that . battery life is decent gets me about 8 hours of heavy usage and almost a full day with light usage . i did notice some few kinks such as the sound on heavy apps like mortal kombat x would come out as static also despite the snapdragon 805 processor it would lag a bit from time to time . this isn't a phone where you'd buy just for a camera also it takes decent pics but nowhere near iphones or galaxy's pics . overall great phone just not for camera work . even though, it's quite big in size and some may find it a little challenging to fit into their pockets, but what it has to offer is beyond goodness . powerful snapdragon chip, a big and high definitive screen, very responsive as well . if you limit your usage to only phone calls, sending and receiving messages, then it will last at least 3 days without the need to recharge . over all, i'm really satisfied with it  .   buggy software, random rebooting, constantly dropping signal .   absolutely love the phone . good specs + stock android =great phone  . great powerful mobile with a great value . after over a month of use, i'd i say that the nexus 9 is a solid option for anyone willing to try a big phone . i had a oneplus one before this and the only reason i switched w because of the lack of lte bands in the one . when i first got the phone, i was a little disappointed with the entire package . the software was glitchy,battery life was terrible, and the battery saving mode made the phone pretty much unusable because of how slow it got . the phone easily lasts me for a day or day and a half with amazing stand by times . the camera app launches pretty fast and pictures are awesome . i think it's a great buy  .   google fi - caution! if you're buying this phone to use with google fi, it won't work with fi . they've sent me instructions for how to flash the phone to try to get it to work, but simultaneously don't recommend doing so . there's nothing wrong with the phone i received, per se--it just doesn't work for the reason i bought it  .   excellent deal  .   good mobile . i bought this because i saw an amazing price sold by warehouse deals . no doubt, the phone is much better (faster, smoother and just snappier in general) with marshmallow, although i didn't get to use it much to gauge the battery life before i returned it . the 2 main reasons i returned it were the poor battery and its size . i found that it died within maybe 5 hours if i am using it heavily . as for the size, i found it just a tad too unwieldly and i did not feel like it was held securely when i tried to use it with one hand . i definitely couldn't text comfortably with one hand and we can totally forget taking pics with one hand! and finally, the fact that it lacked a micro sd card slot wasn't a deal breaker since i got the 64gb version, but that is always nice to have . i have now since gotten a moto x pure (style) . i definitely liked the amoled screen on the nexus 6 better, although i missed the moto features such as twist for camera when i had the 6 . another feature that i liked on the nexus 6 was the wireless charging . it is powerful enough and still has pretty decent specs compared to a lot of the phones that have just been released, and the price is falling quite a lot, so i wouldn't hesitate to get one if the reasons i mentioned above are not a big deal  .   pros: great screen, long lasting battery, bloatware free, gets os updates before non-google devices, awesome speakers . cons: camera software is garbage, video recording limited to 30fps even at 1080p  . after you get over the sheer size if this phone it quickly becomes the best phone you ever had . i was weary of the phone because of reports of screen burn in and size .   motorola nexus 6 unlocked cellphone, 64gb, cloud white (u . warranty) this was my dream phone, primarily due to it's big screen for watching videos and content . upon receiving it, i realized it's even better than i'd thought! furthermore, with vanilla android and fast, guaranteed updates, it's a phone i will continue to enjoy over time . at this price, this phone is a steal due to its powerful internal hardware and smooth software experience . keep in mind though that the camera isn't good for nighttime photography, but then which phone ever is  .   absolutely in love with this phone . not only does it have a great price (obviously now is the time to get it, since 5x and 6p are right around the corner), but it has some of the best specs around . fast charge is a huge plus  .   even though it is a year old, this is a solid phone . i have experienced no lag or performance impact and have been putting it through its paces . this is a great phone, especially for the price . the only drawback may be the size . it is very hard to operate the nexus 6 with one hand, but i found it is very easy to hold and talking with the big form-factor is not an issue . as a kicker, buying this from amazon gets you a year of unlimited cloud storage  .   excellent cell phone! i have been using it for few weeks now . i love the big screen (5 . i love the excellent deal - it used to be $500 but now it's $350 . i would recommend  .   i thought i would get this phone because it looks premium and has good hardware specs, but the execution is flawed . do a google search and you'll see hundreds to thousands of posts about the top speaker problems and call quality issues on this phone . my phone started showing these symptoms just 30 days after i bought it  . and if anyone says i was sent a defective unit  .   then apparently i paid full price for a defective unit and the situation has not been rectified  .   so far (less than 24 hours) it works very well .) quick, responsive, hasn't gotten hung up once . too big to hold bare reliably, even for someone with big hands . subcase was very solidly built, but a major pain (literally) to get on and off, and made it even bigger and more unwieldy . it's like talking on a tablet, and it will not fit into your car holder . so get a bluetooth headset you're really comfortable with, and it'll probably work out just fine . do i like it? yes, and for the money, you can't beat the features and performance . the display looks great, speakers are surprisingly good for so small a device (but there again, a 2-piece case like the subcase will cover the speakers up, rendering that feature irrelevant .7" is more manageable than 6  .   bought it from the used/refurbished section, phone was in amazing condition! greatest buy i have made on a phone for a great price! thank you amazon  .   best since samsung galaxy s 111 went out . after connecting with project fi useful and the battery has improved for some reason i am satisfied with this product i might just buy another one for backup . this phone is great, amazing performance, sound good . my perfect phone  .   greatest cellphone ever . all the iphone hype is not worth the money having this choice  .   my husband has almost 1 month using it and he is very happy with it . the speed, screen and sound are very good  .   wonderful screen and smooth operation . after 40 days of use, half of the screen went blank and unresponsive, did the hard reset option and the problem was still there, called motorola (1 year warranty) but since amazon .com is not an authorized motorola dealer they denied to repair or replace my nexus 6, so i just lost $400 . no problem at all with verizon . this was over the phone with tech support and not in one of the verizon stores . it is big but thats kinda what you're going to get with a phablet  .   really nice phone . got a good one after many years  .   as someone who came over to the nexus 6 from the samsung galaxy s4 (and, prior to that, the galaxy s3), here are my initial impressions after having the phone for about a day: the size: this phone is big and heavy . one problem i've come across with the big screen involves widgets . i used to have a 4x2 clock/temperature/weather/date widget through fancy widgets that i really liked, which fit perfectly centered on the galaxy s-series phones . however, on this phone it did not, and there was no option for a wider widget, so i ended up having to install beautiful widgets, which has a 5x2 widget that worked out (though bw skins are not as aesthetically pleasing and the widget additional features are not as customizable as fancy widgets) . i bought the "supcase" frosted case to protect my phone, and it does add some bulk, but even without the case the phone still seems a little too chunky to be practical (even though i rarely use it to make phone calls) . setup: this was the easiest set-up i've ever done . most of my personalized stuff from the galaxy s4 was stored on an sd card, rather than on the device's internal memory, so maybe that might explain why it didn't sync to the extent i'd hoped . regardless, the nfc transfer is an awesome feature and no doubt saved me a lot of time . a tip i learned from reading other reviews: leave the sim card out during set-up and connect to the internet via wifi instead, and let the phone do all of its updating (including if it is updating from android os 5 . there were some horror stories of people who followed set-up instructions to put the sim card in first, only to end up with the carrier using that as a vehicle to carrier-lock the phone and add bloatware . i don't know if this would have happened had i inserted my sim card first, but figured "why risk it?" also good to know: if you're on a carrier that uses sim cards, it's unlikely your current sim card will work in this device, as it uses a nano sim card, which is a relatively new thing in the android world . better to just go get a new nano sim card . the camera: i've only taken a couple of pictures, in well-lit places, and they look decent, but i feel like the galaxy s4 takes crisper, more vibrant photos and has a more intuitive camera app . samsung galaxy s4/touch whiz/android jelly bean: this phone seems to process things noticeably faster than the galaxy s4, but that could also have to do with that most of the things on my s4 were on an sd card, whereas everything i use on the nexus 6 is more readily available on the internal phone memory . i could not stand the big, white, ugly google search bar at the top of the screen . the placement of it at the very top of the screen doesn't make any sense from a user standpoint . i had to install nova launcher in order to get rid of the google search bar, and to get back some of the functionality i lost in switching from samsung to motorola . the power button and volume buttons are on the right side of the phone, halfway down the phone . the buttons are in the way when you're trying to hold the phone, and hard to get at when you're actually in a call and need to turn the volume up or down . i'm put off that there is no quick and easy way to switch from silent to vibrate to sound, and access other commonly used features that were oh-so-accessible when you pulled down the menu on the galaxy . speaking of "settings," i noticed there are much fewer options available on the nexus than on the galaxy series . everyone talks about getting the super customizable "pure android" experience, but with this device i feel like my hands are tied in a lot of respects . the best you can do is disable the app, uninstall any updates to it (e ., bring it back to the factory version, which is usually slightly smaller in file size), and "disable" the app . but it still exists on the phone, taking up valuable internal memory space on a phone that doesn't have any option for sd card expansion . i think someone coming over to the nexus 6 from the moto x would be really happy since it's basically the moto x except bigger and better . as it stands right now, this phone is 3 stars (just "okay"), but for the price (on sale on amazon to make way for the nexus 6p) and the fact that it is unlocked and one of the few phones that work with the new google fi network (which i haven't switched to . yet) and will get updates before many other phones do, i feel like it is a very good deal and worth the money . i also feel like i shouldn't rush to judgment until i've had more time to acclimate to it, and i think it does have potential if i can figure out how to better customize it (without rooting it and voiding the warranty, and without having to install a bunch of third party work-around apps), so i am bumping up to four stars  .   very big phone . worth the price though . the battery life is great i'm usually watching videos or streaming on netflix for a few hours at a time and it's front facing speakers are amazing really loud and it's screen looks beautiful only downsides are it's hard to handle with just one hand cause of its size and if you turn the brightness real low it's got like a pink tint to everything . excellent phone! works perfectly in argentina .   great phone for the price . big vibrant screen plus all the android bells and whistles .   this is a great phone! can not be beat for the price, and the support that goes along with this phone is awesome  .   great phone . it's just too big  .   there few problems with touch screen being buggy . this is a really good phone big sharp screen, front dual speakers, stock android .this phone is packing but the phone stutters at times and the camera isn't terrible but not the best either and the battery could be better but nonetheless its an awesome phone at a good price . what i like the most about this phone is the size, resolution and processing power . the camera sucks but its not completely terrible though my nokia lumia 925's camera was significantly better . my biggest complaint is the battery life . the charger does charge it really fast with the qualcomm quick charge 2 . you can get enough juice for a few hours with just 15 minutes worth of charging  .   i love the phone and the natural state of android . it was easy to sideload marshmallow . but, it seems to work as i got a wi-fi call today . so it works on inbound . it indicates the it is connected outbound as well in the ui menu . i am just concerned the phone will have challenges with the free international data on t-mobile since their system doesn't recognize the imei  .   as a previous nexus 5 owner this was a great upgrade! the only thing i miss is a notification light  . good phone . bought google phone with 64gb, but freezes every now and then and reboot clears it . when the phone becomes unresponsive, only a reboot can clear it . screen is sharp and now i can use it to watch movies or tv shows in bed . excellent phone for $399 after the price drop  .   great phone for the money . screen is awesome  . just flashes the battery symbol while dead but won't hold charge . for a $400 phone i'm disappointed  .   great phone for the price  .0 is marvellous experience . highly recommended  .   really good value . this phone works great once you update to marshmallow . until i updated to marshmallow, the battery life sucked horribly  .   great phone, delivered on time and as expected . great cellphone  .   i had a samsung note 2, a phone that was released 2 years before and it worked much better . also, i had a problem where my phone decided to stop sending out text messages and receiving messages, i had no idea it was doing it . i was making people mad, and getting mad at people for unresponsiveness .   excellent choice for a great smartphone, cheap and useful, i'm happy with this purchase . great phone, my first android and honestly its great . people are going to say the screens too big, but once you start using it you won't go back to a smaller screen . only thing is its hard to text with one hand, and the front facing camera is only 2mp, but that's only bad things i can say . great phone and even better price compare to that of other phones at the same price range . excellent cell phone . i recommended this cell phone  . i have owned the phone now for almost 2 months and decided that i have had an appropriate amount of time to formulate an appropriate review . so far i have barely even noticed that it is slightly larger to my happy surprise . i recently took it on a hot air balloon ride tour and had no problem hanging it over the side and taking pictures . the weight and size feels like a perfect fit for my hand . not only do you lose sound value from the phone, but you don't get a sense of immersion . the dual front facing speakers give the feeling of surround sound, which is great when you are watching a movie on your phone . :: camera :: this is both great and bad . the great part is the rear facing camera . it has a decent megapixel rating (12), performs pretty good in most lighting situations, and the video records in 4k, which is surprising and very clear . the bad part is the front facing camera - this also felt like an after thought . flesh tones seem off and the camera tends to shoot grainy or blurry . personally i hate selfies, so this doesn't really affect me much . :: screen :: this was the biggest disappoint . the screen in a regular setting is beautiful - very crisp and clear and the color contrast is absolutely amazing . the huge con of this is when you start getting glare from the sun . programs open up almost seamlessly and i have not noticed any stuttering or slowdowns when playing really graphically intense games . :: battery :: i do not like the fact that the new age phones do not allow you to physically swap the battery, because i only imagine headaches down the road when the battery ultimately fails, but the battery that is included in pretty decent . seems like i can watch movies and/or play games pretty intensely for several hours straight without any worries . overall i would say this was a very good phone released by motorola, which some glaring (pun intended) mistakes . i like it :) stable, fast and nice but the back cover is a bit slippery . awesome phone, super fast . best phone i have ever owned! i bought the used version through ecellular and it came looking as if it was brand new . i love the big display because it is very easy for me to type as i have big fingers and hands . everything works perfectly fine . i am using project fi, but i've heard it works with all carriers, just make sure you have a nano sim card  .   solid phone . the phone is built well and feels high quality . the buttons feel elegant and are not that sensitive which is great since most phones have sensitive buttons which turns them on when they should be on . overall the phone is solid and the charging speed is awesome too . the battery life is questionable since my old one plus phone still has better battery life than the nexus 6  .   my nexus 6 has a sound distortion problem when i'm talking to someone . the static sounding noise prevents me from hearing clearly . hopefully the os update fixe the problem  . q: when isn’t a cell phone too big? the motorola-made, google-branded phablet answers that question for me, and may very well for you . from samsung’s introduction of the original note, i scoffed at large-screen smartphones—and, honestly, the seemingly stereotypical gadget geeks using them . but big is better, and my arrogant attitude about phablets and the people buying them was unwarranted . simply stated: alongside the new nexus 6p, nexus 6 is the best handset i have ever used . the experience is so fresh and delightful, the emotional reaction reminds of using the original iphone that i purchased on launch day in june 2007 . n6 shatters my negative preconception about phablets, particularly unwieldiness when used daily . my hands aren’t large, but i nevertheless find nexus 6 comfortable to hold in one hand . the width is quite manageable thanks to the flat bezel and back shell that curves outward . i regard the rounded outside of the 6 plus or 6s plus frame to be a design flaw . either of the two newest apple handsets are the first for which i must recommend a case as means of reducing the likelihood of drops and protecting against them . most android apps, and their notifications, are better optimized for the phablet-size . magazines i used to happily read on ipad air and grumpily consume on n9, such as economist or rolling stone, are preferred on nexus 6 . streaming from services like hbo, netflix, or starz surprisingly satisfy . summed up differently: display size, resolution, and pixel density matched with the front-facing speakers and the phablet’s handling are finely balanced . for an always-carry device, these and other benefits eliminate any pretense for owning a tablet .  and probably any other carrier, don't attempt to install any available ota updates while the sim card is inserted . there have been reports in some forums that being branded to at&t interferes with the project fi service from google .   nice cellphone  .   fast shipping, great phone . beware build # lnx07m . one worked perfectly, but the second with build# lnx07m was inoperable .   i'm very happy with my nexus, the screen size is perfect . things to remember: omelet screen , size of the phone, compatible with project fi . good price . fast, almost without ui glitches and bugs . very good sound from sound speakers and the camera is really awesome  .   great phone, works with verizon 4g lte without having to contact verizon . the bluetooth is fiddly and doesn't always connect to my car, though, and the screen is too dim in bright sunlight . overall, however, i'm satisfied with the purchase  .   great phone  . ibarely tapped the corner of the phone and now it has a crack down the front of it . very upset with how easy it was to crack the screen  . fast (really fast) and with a long battery life . great phone  .   the best phone i ever owned  .  pure android, big screen, battery last all day with medium use,udated to andriod 6 .0, loud stereo front speakers, beautiful omled screen  .   best phone that i ever had i love the nexus 6 you need this phone if you looking for a new one  .   i've had the nexus 4 & 5 phones and loved them . great phones .   i've had it a month and its frozen and rebooted itself 4 times . when it works i love it .   this phone is recommend for big hand . the micro usb port (aluminium frame with plastic together) build quality is bad not in the center . both the dw and myself had nexus 4's as well as other android smart phones and devices . for the most part, i prefer an unforked version of android, but did enjoy some of the software features built into the ui by other android smartphone manufactures . while it was a great device and offered some great features, it sometimes was a bit janky . as for the nexus 6 with the recent drop in price of this phone, it may arguably be the best bang for the buck going . it also can offer a ton of carrier savings if google's "project fi" mnvo works for you . this is a tremendous savings for us over what her current t-mobile plan was costing . she is extremely satisfied with her project fi service and nexus 6 . i was motivated by the price to jump back into a nexus . was not that pleased with the original price of the nexus 6, so i purchased the lg g3 at a much lower cost . the lg g3 has a better screen than this phone . imho, the layout of the camera and volume buttons on the g3 was way more practical as well as a few other software features . but, hated being stuck on android version 5 .0, and that's the beauty of a google nexus device, quick updates and current software . while this phone is more than adequate for my needs and at its current price recommend it, honestly i will likely purchase the nexus 6p as soon as it becomes available again on the play store . google is now offering a protection plan, that along with project fi is pushing me to leave t-mobile . i do have a project fi sim coming for this device and there are good arguments that the new nexus 6p is not spec wise, that big of an upgrade to warrant the costs . will add, really like using android pay . it is working seamlessly with this device at merchants that support it . this device also plays nicely with my blue tooth devices, chromecast and hot spotting to my chromebook while traveling  .   working great  . there are a bunch of reviews that talk about the system crashing - but i have not experiences any of these to date (perhaps it is the fact the system has been upgraded to marshmallow already) . however as soon as i got the nexus 6 in my hands (literally) i realized the device was so much better than my current cell phone (moto x 1st generation) . the feel of the device is really good and as i am already a "two handed-texter" - the ability to text or type with one hand (given the size of the device) - is not important to me . being able to drop down to a single device (tablet and cell phone) more than makes up for the requirement to use two hands to effectively text or respond to email .   there were a couple of 7 inch tablets (asus and samsung) i could have bought to replace my nexus 7 - but they all have bad reviews (performance, crashes, etc) or are so under-configured (memory and/or processing power) that i doubt they will last the next couple of years . decided i would rather have a smaller 6 inch screen than a crappy 7 inch tablet . given the dramatic price reduction of the nexus 6 and its compute power and 32gb of storage - the nexus 6 made more sense to me (remember new operating systems never get smaller) good things about the device  . a pleasant surprise very good battery life (i am not a heavy video user so check other reviews for this type of use pattern) love the quick charge feature - never going to buy a cell phone without this again quick transfer of applications etc between devices was done simply by tapping the two devices together ability to use phone on project fi (waiting for my request to be approved) . sick of getting raped by the att's of the world . still comes with google 1 year warranty love that the speakers are in the front clean install of android - no vendor bloatware not so good things about the device  .   really, really slippery - just had to order a case with non-slip surface fits in my pant pockets but would be cautious of putting in my shirt pocket for fear of it falling out wouldn't try running with this on my arm - really would look like a dork took me a while to realize i needed to move my ear up to the top of the phone to hear the caller wish the mic was on the front of the phone one last thing not so good thing  .   i don't like the position of the on/off and volume buttons (middle of phone) . i know they are placed where they are so you can use the buttons using the device in one hand as a phone - but when using the phone as a tablet - it is a little awkward trying to balance the phone e . all in all pretty happy with the nexus 6 . hopefully marshmallow has eliminated any of the issues some of the other reviewers have experienced .   just installed my non slip case (cimo slim soft case) and this has solved my hand slipping on the nexus 6 . also as the cimo case has raised soft plastic "buttons" that go over the nexus 6 power and volume buttons, i have also eliminated turning on the phone by mistake (when hand slips down) . another good thing about the case is it does not cover the motorola dimple on the back so your hand can still "find" the "dimple" to properly locate your hand on the device .   i love this phone my first venture into the nexus world and loving stock android   .   and the hardware just makes it even better  .   lag is pretty much non existent and thankfully my hand are big so size is not an issue   .   battery life superior to samsung . great phone, 5 star service from amazon . for the past 2 months works perfectly . there are a lot of bugs with ringing and dtmf which is part of android  .   great phone  .   the heat problem is strong with this one  .   excellent smartphone . pure android guarantees great performance without having to worry about other oems taking android, adding way too much custom software, and making it lag and buggy (looking at you samsung) . when looking for a new phone, i picked this one over the new moto x because the snapdragon 805 in the nexus 6 is actually faster than the 808 amd 810 . plus, the gpu of the snapdragon 805 is actually a more powerful one than in the 808 . the snapdragon 805 was actually going to be the top tier processor for a while before apple made the huge push into 64bit processors so everyone had to catch up for some reason . the camera is good, not great, but it takes photos you won't be mad at . overall, this is a fantastic phone, and since its a nexus, will last you for a very long time  .   great phone, one minor problem is it become hotter when i use it for too long time  .   i love nexus . good enough  .   bought the nexus 6, what a great deal for 64 gb . i feel the new nexus 6p is going to be great as well, but lets see how it goes first . switching from an htc one m7 and loved the phone but not the sprint network . i'm totally satisfied with the nexus 6, running on google fi's network . battery lasts the whole day, crystal clear calls on google fi and phone never lags . phone size is great for my large hands . right now, great deal on amazon for this phone  .   stepping up from a note 2 (and i still love the note 2 with cm12 on it) this upgrade only seemed logical . i love the screen size . front facing stereo speakers are great for youtube and occasional netflix . my first piece unfortunately turned out faulty and i asked for a replacement which went through just fine . enjoying the upgrade . happy with 95% of an 800 dollar phone for 50% of the price . so i feel it runs smoother with less issues . *antennae isn't as strong as the iphone 6 that just came out but it is also older than the iphone 6 . seems to be pretty comparable to the iphone 5 antennae  .   great product . front camera is pretty weak  .   reception and call quality - 10/10 the call quality and the reception received is superb with no problems whatever . it works for cdma and gsm networks a truly global phone coming unlocked out of the box .96 quad hd display, colors are so vivid and high brightness setting is very good for outdoors . this is a great big screen for reading and watching movies, but its also not the latest gorilla glass 4 and although its amoled its not super-amoled; coming from samsung i see a huge difference in the technology . battery life 9/10 turbo charge seriously works in just 1 . the battery usually last for a day with moderate use so no big complaints here . it would be great if it was a replaceable battery . camera 5/10 in day light its a great camera with gorgeous colors and very good quality overall, but at low light its pretty much unusable . ease of use 10/10 very easy to use with stock android, no bloatware means a fast and trouble free android experience . the curve back is great idea, shocking even though its a big phone you are able to use one hand because of that curved backed . the greatest design is the two front firing speakers which is probably the loudest and clearest sounds coming out in any smartphone at the moment . portability (size / weight) 10/10 very slim in size at 10mm and able to fit in my pockets with a comfortable curved back . also i loved how the weight is in the heavier side of 184 grams, makes it feel premium; i say its the prefect weight for a phone this size . value 10/10 was it worth it when it was released  . but today after a year being priced at $350 from its released price of $650, its worth every single penny . for this price you're really getting an outstanding phone that you cannot go wrong with . i find it to be a better value than the new nexus 6p if you really don't care about the camera  .   this phone seems better in almost every way than google's latest nexus phones that just came out  .   i like it . excellent phone . overall satisfied with it . ultimately decided it wasn't the phone for me because it was too difficult to hold with one hand  . correct product  . they also get the quickest updates! i had a first gen moto x and loved it, except for the screen size . i'm absolutely in love with my nexus 6! i would recommend this phone to anyone  .   generally i love motorola products because they are the ones who actually invented the cellphone but then they fell behind a little with the smart phones - until recently . overall their smartphones have improved dramatically . when i tried to update it the phone never worked again it keep turn on and off by itself . the price was good even cheaper then the manufacturer motorola itself . however i ended up buying the new motorola x pure edition from motorola directly where they make the phone and engrave it for me on the spot so i am sure i am getting a brand new working phone . and i do love my new phone it's even better than the nexus 6 . i'm very happy with this phone . after a week of use i must say that it is a highly recommend phone for someone in the market for big screen phones . fantastic big screen and good battery life  . only problem i have with this $350 phone is the charger's cable length, it is too short, 3' maybe  .   works great with t-mobile i decided to sideload the marshmallow update versus wait for the ota . wifi calling works great and visual voicemail is built into the operating system . not too big wouldn't go back to a smaller phone  .   really like the phone . one thing to mention, if you run it in china with china net 4g carrier, there could be some issues on mobile data connection . at least in my circumstance, i still need to find a way to make it run smoothly  .   great phone  . awesome phone . upgraded rom to pure nexus . glad i didn't get the note 4 or iphone 6 plus . its a v good phone, but v fragile . one fall and the screen shattered! it was 3 weeks new and i dropped it once and  .   i don't like a big case, this case is perfect  .   excellent  .   excellent features . love the big display and clearness . i fully recommend it  .   too big for one hand operation otherwise nice phone . i love this phone, its awesome . found a great rom that is quick and running marshmallow . this thing is great  .   i really expected it to be smaller than it actually is . my fault after all . but the quality, design, as well as its features are incredible . if you are used to handle 6-inch cellphones, you will definitely love it  .   oh my goodness i love it sooooo much! i am an avid android lover, and actually came from my nexus 5, it is such a great phone, big, but i love it  .   don't regret this purchase at all  .   it's gorgeous and the best phone i've got so far  .   super display . easy to use, and works with verizon (us model) . just had to put my sim card from old phone in and good to go .   best phone i've ever owned . i have the perfect setup . great custom rom with xposed framework and nethunter 3 . my laptop dual boots windows 10 and kali 2 and my nexus 6 outperforms my laptop by 10x when running linux tools . i bought an alfa awus036neh adapter for $20 and a really good usb-to-microusb adapter and penetration testing against my home network is fast and efficient! combine this phone with google fi and my phone bill never exceeds $30 . it's a shame it was discontinued  .   refund  .   love my new nexus  .   i like the phone  .its working good  .   my son is happy with it . good phone smooth and fast . battery life is okay hopefully better once marshmallow arrives . front facing speakers nice for multimedia . not perfect but stock android is nice  .   great smartphone, no bloatware from verizon and i can now control all the settings on my phone there by greatly increasing my phones run time .   great phone . my only complaint is that it's enormous . i think that 6" is too big for a phone, but i didn't pay close enough attention and missed that part of the description . other than that, the phone is great  .   is great  .   i liked the phone except fast battery drain and it freeze sometime . works perfect on metropcs network  .   every thing about it is good, i was lumia user and was very much comfortable with win8 . the larger screen is better for his failing eyesight, and, unlike the samsung, is not chalk-full of bloatware  . nexus phones allow hotspot and tethering; this one was carrier modified to deny that feature . it's a function i use on occasion that's very important to me . unfortunately unless i want to possibly destroy the phone by opening the source code to re-enable this feature by unlocking it totally, i'll have to live with what i get .   i can't recommend this phone enough  .   overall, it is a great phone . i was worried that the size would be uncomfortable when making phone calls but that is not the case . sound quality is good when making phone calls, browsing speed is very good, the front facing speakers are great for a phone (why don't all phones have that) and the screen is very good . the only real complaint i have is the placement of the physical keys to unlock the screen and control the sound .   isn't expensive and works fine . the phone works like a dream . excellent phone . nice phone! very easy to operate, nice display and above all worth the money . the only problem is my phone produces a weird sound for a sec when i unlock the phone, that's the reason why i am giving 4stars  .   i love this phone . great build quality, incredible screen . apps respond really fast and the battery lasts me a day and a half . not to mention is far less expensive than an unlocked iphone with similar stats . i use it on straight talk with excellent reception and data speeds .   i love my new phone . now whenever i see a smaller phone i don't know how i managed with such a small screen . i don't think i could go back to a smaller phone and i don't want to  .   best cell phone i have had to date . phone has excellent reception .   packed nicely and reached safely  . i was aware of the "pink" effect the display had if you turned the brightness all the way down in adaptive brightness .   customer service attitude is very good, is the logistics slow point  .   this may be last year's model, but it is an excellent phone! be prepared to deal with having a huge beast on your hands, but you would not need to carry a phone and a tablet . as i travel a lot, this is great since it lightens my load . in kind, it is really nice to have a nice big screen to work with . the curvature of the phone helps it fit better in my hands . i have a 128gb microsd card sitting here with my entire music collection, a million great pictures, and  . what phone in 2015 would not have a microsd slot capability  .   i guess i'll stick with the phone, since samsung's gear broke after only 2 .5 weeks of use (so i'm giving up on samsung), but i'm really disappointed in this  .   this phone is excellent, no lags at all . i like it till now, the good thing about this phone is the screen size and clarity  .   great phone takes beautiful photos, speaker in front instead of back, nice size screen  .   i seem to have problems with it dropping connection to vz . it is large, until you hold it in your hand, it is hard to imagine the size . i also have a heavy duty case so it is a little bigger but i would rather protect the phone . other than that, the screen is great, very fast, no other problems that come to mind . i love the 6 inch hd screen & stereo front facing speakers! nexus is the best! i love getting the newest version of android right when it comes out  . very happy with size and design of nexus 6 . never really drank the apple coolaid and happy to switch back to a more intuitive system . very happy with both  .   very nice phone with big bright screen and a great value very hard to find screen protection, so buy one with online  . though onbtge bigger side it does serve all my purposes  . great phone . i love very fast and responsive work with my attorney sim card i randomly switch between my note 4 and nexus 6 . picked it up for my grandson and he is happy with his choice  .   good  . great value  .   great phone, great price . this is my 5th nexus product and i love it . pure android experience without the bloatware  . no buyer's remorse here  .   excelent product   . the device is huge and not for everyone, but i have gotten used to it and at the discounted price it was a great deal . if you want a big phone, pure android automatically updated by google, with dual front facing speakers, don't hesitate . at the discounted price this phone has some advantages even over the nexus 6p in my opinion  . big beautiful screen, blazing processor and great camera . however be warned that this is not an authorized motorola reseller .   like the screen and the processor . for me that is the most important thing in a cellphone so this one went right back to amazon  .   it does not have a good reception .   very nice bought at $349 . i'm having issues with the nexus . the screen freeze and the front speakers are not clear or loud when i place calls on speaker .   very good, but power consumption too fast  . i wanted to love it, but within the first hour 1/2 the screen froze up on me . i researched all the phones and their problems, as all phones have problems or glitches, none are perfect . i like to change phones about every 6-8 months . amazon is always great about returns . thank goodness  .   awesome i love this phone! 64gb for $400 great deal, great phone . not the greatest energy efficiency but what a nice screen, and the charger works faster than regular ones . i got sick of waiting for htc to make another nice large phone but after 3 years oh well . it is worth the change my wife's nexus 5 is a great phone so why not vanilla android what a great change . thanks google and motorola what a nice phone . also thank you amazon for the awsome price  .   very good i like it  .   awesome phone .   i was a little worried about the size of this phone when i purchased it and you probably are too since you're reading reviews, but rest assured: after using this phone for a couple weeks, i'm extremely pleased with the size of the screen . just make sure your pockets are big enough! i really like everything else too . the pure android os is really fast and intuitive, optical image stabilisation makes for great photos, and multitasking is super fast with the great specs . you're gonna love this phone  .   excellent phone . have been using it a month now and i really like it  .   after many years of dealing with verizon's shady tactics (bloatware, super cookies, delayed updates, and locked boot loaders) i made the jump to my first nexus phone . first, stock android is super fast and efficient . i love getting updates the day they come out (i am already on the latest and greatest android 6 . the display is a 6" quad hd, its so crisp and i love the size . also, a little mentioned awesomeness is the front facing speakers, they're great . battery life is sweet too . overall a great phone, and will gladly upgrade to the 6p next year  .   love the phone . much more manageable than expected . this is a really solid phone . i've been making the move away from iphones recently and this phone is making it very easy to never look back . nice job motorola . nice job google . i refuse to buy apple on principle . this comes with barebone minimal apps unlike my previous samsung in which were stuck on my phone . i love this phone  .   good phone . excellent phone, no problems . great deal, and a terrific phone . what more can i write: got via amazon limited time offer, $350 . i am glad he suggested it  .   note 3 damaged and still grandfathered with unlimited data with verizon so was on the hunt for a new phone . performance is awesome and screen is the of the best . very happy with this purchase  .   i broke the screen :( it says us warranty so does that mean i can return it and get a new one  .   i love my phone but its not the best selfie taker even for a 2 . a beautiful work of art with a great screen size , love it for its graphic quality and speed with size, also upgraded it to marshmallow . best of all paid half of the selling price which makes it the best deal in town  . it may be a better quality than the new replacement  .   great phone . love the larger screen fits well in my hand . highly recommended for those wanting a great phone at a great price  .   i am so glad it doesn't have the pinkish screen which i was very worried about but its a bit warm but not too yellowish . i also didnt see whats the fuss about the size . i have small hands and its fine for me to hold . i dont have any problems of gripping it, one handed . i also did flash marshmallow so im all set to have this phone last me long for work since im not a power user so i'm hoping the doze feature work but it does work on my nexus 7 so it doesnt die that easily without it being plugged in all the time . my only complaint is the messenger so far, i can't make the background black unless i invert the colors so no custom sms features or colors like in the htc sense unless i use hangouts like everyone else or find another messenger with a black background . other then that, its a great phone . i do love the stereo facing speakers . not as good quality as my htc one m8 speakers but its good enough . the screen is perfect to me, i have a samsung galaxy tab s tablet with an uhd amoled screen and its calibrated about the same, so no complaints at all about the quality of the amoled screen . i would say, get it in this deal before it goes back to $499, i am very satisfied of picking it up for $350  .   i absolutely love this phone . the only thing i would've liked better in a phone of this size is a bigger battery to power that amazing screen for longer . the front cam isn't great @ just 2mp but i am not a selfie crazy person . stock android looks and runs great but i am yet to receive marshmallow . thus far, i'm very satisfied with the nexus 6, sorry i did not know of the newest release before hand, i would have waited  .   i loved this phone  .   big phone, with awesome response . huge quality screen and great camera . this phone is one of the best phones i ever use . i have only one issue about this phone, which is the calculator, the calculator have no percentage sign . i love the phone  .   but i need the invoice for the cell phone can you send me please, thank you  .   what a great phone . i'm normally a samsung user, but the nexus 6 is super snappy and i really like the feel of it  .   love this phone, . not the best but generally good, with good camera quality, processing speed, screen size is suitable for gaming and watching movie . anyway you may feel annoyed if you need to get crowded on public transport every day morning coz of the size . the most important thing for me is the system update of nexus device . loves motorola a lot . this phone is selling at hk by google play store at about us $550 and is surely not a reasonable price . here at amazon is much more attractive & i have recommended this to some of my friends  .   overall outstanding phone! great replacement phone at a great price  .   i love this phone, very vast, great screen and quality camera  . once you get used to the size, the phone is wonderful to use  .   great sound, gorgeous screen, good phone all around  .   extremely good phone and delivered well on time . upgraded from a nexus 4, which i loved . i'm still fond of that phone, and have kept it as a backup  . lte capable, an amazing display, and a much faster processor  .   this phone i wanted to love and keep, but it has too many cons in my opinion . the headset speaker is not the best when making phone calls . don't get it confused with the stereo front facing speakers which are great . i saw lots of nexus 6s with screen burn in, but that's the amoled screen . i was ok with the size and liked it, but i have to admit that it was a pain in the pocket .   love it, love it, love it  .   it is a great phone overall, but the camera is one of the weak points . the first few days were ok, but after that, the camera had problems focusing and adjusting to light . even after resetting the phone to default, the same issues were happening indicating it was more of a hardware issue than a setting that was changed . however, if you need an awesome phone that has a sweet looking screen, you can't go wrong with this now given how much the price has dropped since new, its a bargain  . i returned for a replacement and have same problem with the other right out of the box  . thank you  .   i've had it for a week now and i'm very satisfied with it . now that nexus 5x was presented i was a bit disappointed with the specs for a 2015 nexus, so after giving it a good thought i decided to buy the nexus 6 at a great price and with very decent specs even now on 2015 . i'm not a big fan of amoled, but it just looks beautiful . yes it's big, but you get used to the size very quickly, and after a couple of days you will love it . it fits perfectly in my pocket, doesn't feel heavy . 32 gb is good enough for me . meaning pure android experience and the latest version available right now and constant updates for at least one more year . ii had some trouble connecting to my router . sometimes it worked after resetting dsl modem or after restarting the phone . i ended up changing some setting in the router (band selection to auto) and that did the trick apparently . i'll update in case the issue persists . the issue persisted occasionally but disappeared completely after 6 .1 update, so i guess it was some bug they corrected . now it's working perfectly and after a couple of months with it i couldn't be happier . tip: skip all the ota updates and flash android m factory image right away . it will save you time and you will have a fresh start with the latest android  .   pros: it's superfast and doesn't lag anytime .   i had motorola maxx which was adequate but was filled with verizon bloatware and very poor internet performance . i fix computers for living and when i return a computer with pure windows installed, i make most of my clients very happy . that is how happy i am  .   the phone is so fast and pure joy to operate and read on it since it is 6 inches . i got the 64 gb to store videos on it! you can not go wrong with price, i sold my old phone for 120 . the camera also takes very good pictures . i also paid $129 to square trade for three years of protection and cancel my verizon $9/ month protection plan .   wonderful - as i knew it would be  .   this is fantastic! i am so happy with my purchase .   perfect phone, bought off of amazon warehouse with "minor damage" and it ended up being the box had no stickers on it . the phone worked great out of the box and had all accessories with it . the phone had a nice weight and feel due to the aluminum body, the front facing speakers are amazing . the 6" 1440p screen is gorgeous! the only downsides that i see, is the lack of an ir blaster and no fingerprint sensor . for ~$300 this is the best phone you can buy brand new  .   awesome phone, battery life definitely lacking . dead by 5-7pm every day  . the first thing i loved about this phone was the overall exterior design . i'm usually not a big fan of giant logos on phones, but motorola pulls it off beautifully . the screen itself is quite nice and large, not to mention extremely colorful . as with most motorola phones, the screen is more saturated than a typical smart phone leading to the intensification of colors which is simply beautiful . i have no complaints about android . it's in my opinion the most gorgeous and functional mobile os out there . the camera is pretty good  . -cons- camera doesn't work well in low lighting . i went from an lg g3 to a nexus 6, yet to me the g3's camera is vastly superior in darker settings . for some reason, on all motorola phones that i've tested this on, snapchat is extremely laggy and crashes frequently . it lasts me through a 5 hour school day followed by a 5 hour work shift, but with minimal usage . it of course all depends on what you're using the phone for! -summary- amazing design inside and out, great display, native android (a huge plus for me!) . decent camera (though not in a low lighting), mediocre battery life  . was a little worried when i ordered this phone since the reviews weren't as good as i expected . but i have no idea what some of these lukewarm reviews are talking about . i absolutely love this phone . it's beautiful and functional, and just feels amazingly fast . this is a much better one-handed phone with the "back" button on the left and the curved back . really happy i could get this one for $400  .   a little disappointed in battery life, but i was experiencing decreased life on my last phone . the size is not as bad as one would suspect . it fits nicely in my hand . i do have to use two hands, but that also eliminates the temptation to reply/text while driving . a little annoyed by the flipping of the power outlet to the opposite direction of every other port that i've had on my phones since 2012 (logo to the back) . fortunately, it works better recently . although it came sealed, it appears to be refurbished: *the outside of the box (not the shipping box but the small box containing just the phone) has what appears to be a water stain with some sticky material covering most of the top .  ) inside the box, some pieces about a centimeter long, but mostly finely broken up and stuck to the phone . *there are small nicks and dings on the back of the phone . on the bright side, it doesn't smell and seems to work okay  . really great price at only 350 bucks and a great phone if you want something big . set up was crazy easy, i just popped in my sim from my old phone and it was good to go immediately . phone feels solidly built, it's big but actually feels thin with the way it curves in the back towards the sides and bottom . fits in my pocket much easier than i thought . runs super smooth so far, can get a little hot when playing games while charging . amoled screen really pops and is even nicer with some minor adjustments . battery life isn't anything amazing but it gets the job done and charges up remarkably fast . camera takes great pictures but taking videos is wobbly . cell reception is great, wifi is some of the best i have used in a phone and bluetooth seems to connect with flawlessly with my car and is much less finicky than my old iphone 4s, ipod and lumia 640 i used to use . best of all it's stock android so it looks really pretty without all the superfluous junk and it will get updates first and for a long time  .   this phone is pretty nice! little bit harder to find features than galaxy but still awesome phone . love the big screen . wish the battery, service signal and wifi strength icons were easier to read . but the turbo charger for this phone alone is enough to buy it  . awesome phone  .   the best phone i've ever used .i like it  . while i do enjoy the pure android experience i would trade the high pixel count for battery life any day . i have to get used to charging every night after being spoiled by the huawei which lasted two full days . a little bigger for me,and battery can't support more than 1 day~ . amazing phone . big size but you get used to it in a week's time and then can't get back to smaller screen size . battery gets drained a bit too early but not too bad  .   i don't even know where to start, i love everything about this phone . makes my old samsung galaxy s4 look and feel like a joke . excellent battery life, and i mean excellent . beautiful screen . impressive camera especially for a nexus . honestly, the nexus 6p doesn't even seem like its any better than the regular nexus 6 . with this phone i no longer feel like my iphone friends have way better phones ha! take that iphone  .   works just like the nexus 5 i replaced, except screen bigger and a few minor system improvements . i love this phone  . the best price for this purchase is on amazon . i love this phone! check out all the feedback on tech magazines . i prefer this over the soon to be coming, 6p as the width size is greater . wow  . im sorry, the prodcut is perfect amazon is the best . excellent cellular phone . has no troubles to download the backup information it just do it by itself . a great phone, compatible with almost anything . the only issue i had to open it, was that i didn't wanted to cut the red label so i had to unstick it carefully . i higly recommend to buy a protector case to take care of this amazing phablet . big enough to read my books and with enough speed to run appa with no interference . tried with different companies and it works with everyone of them . although the battery lasts only for a day, the charing time is so reliable in 15~20 mins i have 50~60% of the battery which indeed can last for almost 5 hours talking and running apps like whatsapp, fallout shelter, google maps, surf through the web, etc . if you want a different phone with great capacities this is the one . the voice recognition its even better than my last motorola phone . there is a strange line mark on my screen from the middle of the screen to the top . it's not visible when you clean the screen, but when running the finger on the screen that portion of the screen immediately shows the scuff mark . looks like something heavy was placed on the screen for a while leaving a scuff .1 out of the box with nothing set, no apps downloaded, the phone rebooted and upon starting an error appeared "ui stopped working," which pretty turned the phone into a soft brick . had to call customer service and they instructed me how to go into recovery mode, and clean the cache . it stayed in an erase window for a very long time . screen is very dim outside . screen isn't as bright as my note 4 . very fast and responsive it's a great phone . worked very well, but i'm definitely not keeping a lemon  .  one heck of phone/mini tab  .   it works flawless  .  i immediately upgraded to 5 .1 and again couldn't be more impressed and jumping for joy   .   i had bought this worried i would have trouble activating it on verizon, but i had no issue . the phone is really big, and i really like it . the screen is great, it's quite speedy, and it doesn't have any carrier garbage on it . it doesn't last nearly as long as my work iphone 5s on standby, but the iphone battery is only ok if you actually use it . the software is pretty nice  . my galaxy oled screens did well here, but this oled really doesn't . it is a limited use case, though . as to size, i don't think you can go wrong on either, but i got 64gb so i could hold plenty of songs during travel  .   just an awesome stock android phone, love it  .   great phone . just a better phone  .   it's very good and i'm happy with it . ***yes this phone works on verizon right out of the box i bought a sim card cutter and cut my micro sim card down to a nano put it in and it got lte very fast once i turned it on i unlocked its bootloader and rooted it the first day i got it so i could tether like a mad man if you have any questions about unlocking boot loader or rooting send me a email juddlr@yahoo .com i will help you the phone is really that good i ordered my honey one :) . although the performance is ok, the camera is not good  .   nice phone at a very reasonable price  .   good phone . a great phone . good deal . it's a great phone . you won't regret buying . not too big at all . heard alot about issues with the camera but honestly its a great camera, even in low light . i love the lack of carrier bloat wear . it works like a champ with verizon . the only down side to this phone is the lack of an led to notify of different alerts (texts, emails, facebook notifications, etc .   i love it . great product . if you are in korea remember that it can`t support lte-advance . i have unlimited with verizon so this was definitely the best bang for buck new phone . it works 100% with verizon, i actually took the sim card out of my cracked note 33, cut it with scissors (online tutorial) plugged it in and it's been working fine ever since . only thing i miss from note 3 is the home button but i'm getting used to it . not the newest or fastest phone out there but it can keep up, for half of the price it was a no brainerd for me  .   this is a really nice phone . i'm glad i bought it  .   i helped a friend buy . terrible phone . it had a corrupted file and wouldn't update to 5 . it also would randomly reboot, but only while texting .   great, not near as hot as other reviews said . great speakers . great sound quality . great price while on sale! no disappointments . a great product, it's the same that appears in the image  .   extremely nice phone . battery is pretty good but not as good as advertised . it's very good  .   shipped well on time, great phone and with the discount it was a great deal . $350 even in 2015 is a total steal  . i love it ;) . phone is good but i have a problem with speakers and headphones port . for those who can handle the massive 6" screen size, this is the best phone you can get for the money . forget about all of the cons that others might point out, the biggest plus is that this is a nexus phone, so google directly supports it . marshmallow was available the day that google released it, and unlike other oem phones, has no carrier or oem bloatware . just pure android, updated faster than any other phones outside of the nexus line  .   awesome phone . got it on sale, so quite worth the price . very reliable, smooth and performant . only downside for me was having to switch from a micro sim card to a nano sim card  .   awesome phone but i still have to get used to having no removable battery, ir blaster or sd card slot '_' . the pros: 1- very good price for the features . 2- running google's stock android (can be a con if you like to be in control of your phone inside out) . 3- sturdy build . 4- very good dual front speakers . the cons: 1- the phone is exceptionally large so unless you've held it in hand before think twice before buying . 5- the camera is below average with a slight blur on most pictures, but it is snappy and quick . 8- internal speakers (phone calls) relatively low and hard to hear  . great product, delivery took shorter time than expected . a bit dissapointed with the phone heating up quickly when using it, and the fact that it gets really hot when charging  .   good android phone from google  . hope the battery will be keep good after some time  .   getting the nexus 6 to work on t-mobile usa was as simple as inserting a sim . it activated immediately and has excellent rf performance in fringe areas, and held signal on band 12 where and iphone 6s+ would not . all t-mobile features worked except for native android visual voice mail (waiting for marshmallow), i had to download the t-mobile vvm app . wifi calling work seamlessly as well . simultaneous voice/data works fine if supported by the carrier (tmobile+att) best features of the phone are the clear screen (excellent for movies) and the dual forward facing speakers . the speakers are loud enough to listen to music while cycling 15-20 mph . audio quality through headphones is exceptionally good and will even power large headphones like the sennheiser hd650 which normally require an amplifier . performance is very fast with no hesitation even with multiple apps running . the body is a bit slippery so i added a supcase which improved the feel while offering some protection and a screen protector . for a car mount the iottie easy view 2 is the only holder i found that fit w case (about 3 . great machine . better price  .   owned a samsung glaxay s4 on prepaid for a while until i smashed the screen, didn't like it enough to buy another one . i bought the nexus 6 and i love it  .   way better then the glaxay  .   quite frankly it's the best phone i've owned to this day  . nexus phones are amazing  .   4 stars because the battery could be better  .   really awesome phone . the real beauty is you don't have to deal with any bloat or crapware from any provider . need a nano sim, so i got fosmon nano sim card cutter and it worked beautifully .   its our first original android os equipped smartphone, not like fake chinese mainland product . we enjoy its in time update, simplicity of google services very much . fortunately chinamobile namo sim card works well in it . wireless charging allows flexible charging schedule . we definitely love it, even broking sinking prc's surveillance to update google's service and access google play can be sweaty .   best phone ever, so far . i received the phone and the forward facing camera does not work but i don't feel like going with our a phone for two weeks so i'll deal with it . love this phone! got it on sale for $350 from amazon . yes it's big, but that's why i wanted it! the screen it clear and bright - and its easy to do the other 80% of things i use a smartphone for besides making calls . if you want a bigger screen, this is a great choice  .it can work on china-telecom 4g  . i bought the 64 gb version based mainly on the positive reviews and also the specs . i paid $400 on amazon and so far i am enjoying this phone . the negative thing is the mobile data stops working whenever you make or receive a voice call . i am not sure whether this is a bug or if the phone is unable to do both voice call and mobile data . i love this  .   shipped quicker that i expected .1 lollipop right away . the phone meets all my expectations! unfortunately it will be my daughter's phone . very fast phone, screen resolution is quad hd and it looks awesome, good battery life not great for the size but it has wireless charging and rapid charge . it's a big phone but the feel in hand is very good, it feels smaller but slippery so i recommend a case . i bought the spigen ultra hybrid, its cristal clear on the back with gray edge and it looks great . the best of all is stock android . if you are looking for a phablet at a great price this is hands down the one to buy  . the 1st one has a screen banding/vertical lines with bluish and yellowish tint from top and bottom . this 2nd one has no vertical lines, but has some uneven screen tone visible on dark and light background on the screen .   amazing phone . better than apple brand any day . a large screen with a respectable camera . kudos to nexus .   small hand big phone . best phone i've ever had . ex: dropped phone and lost it . turns out someone ran it over with a bike and turned it in to the lost and found . i got it back with absolutely no damages except to the screen protector it came with . item come in with surface not clean pricing kept dropping   .   great phone . too bulky  .   as described, fast shipping   . love it . great phone - bright screen . no lockups or slow downs - . awesome phone .   us version does work on verizon  .   no problem what so ever activating  . defective battery . i don't dare use the camera as using it would drain battery percent rapidly . other than the battery being the reason as to why i want a refund or replacement . the phone itself is good looking but i was just an unlucky buyer that received a nexus with defects  . i really thought this cell phone would be too big for me, but after a few weeks it feels completely normal . very snappy, no complaints  .   great price, and pure android experience . would be better if ota comes as fast as other nexus devices  .   great phone . phone is awesome , the shipping was fast . i've noticed several problems with the phone 1 . there was a line on the center of the screen which looked as if it broke at the center . after reboot, its fine and no line seen . sometimes the phone freezes and i am not even able to switch it off, i have to wait till the phone drains and it ultimately gets switched off . even though there is enough ram available, the transition of apps close and opening the apps, i have noticed significant lag . all these seems to be like software issues, but one of my friend's nexus 6 doesn't have all the above problems mentioned  .   best deal every .  awesome very happy with it . excellent phone . i faced problem in using whatsapp , voice was very less on speaker for voice messages but after applying update, it worked fine  . overall satisfied with the product  .   great phone at good price  .   this is truly an amazing phone . the expansive screen is ideal for gaming, media consumption and reading . now even the nexus 5 i used to use seems small and cramped . build quality is excellent and it feels good in the hand . call quality is also well above average and the camera is adequate . all in all, an excellent all around device  .   great phone with great price  . it was recommended by google for proj fi and ca do calling thru wifi . it does not work on wifi calling at all . i picked this device for the wifi calling and what a waste of money if i can not have this capability on the phone . it drains the battery so quick that i need to keep it plug while in the office .   the best phone i ever had . love it! using it on the project fi google network . its ergonomic shape fits my hand like a glove . resolution and camera on par or better than apple iphone 6  . the issue i had with the nexus 6 is that apps would just stop working, with a little message informing me of such without explanation and a few times the screen froze-up and would not respond to any prompts, not even the power button . i don't know if this behavior is common to the phone or if i just got a lemon, but i've had enough experience with bad phones to understand how frustrating it can be to try resolving the issue with tech-support, that i decided to just send the phone back and chalk it up to simply a bad experience . if an explanation for its behavior could be provided, i would be willing to try it again, but as is, i'm disappointed in motorola, especially because it was originally a $600 phone . maybe it's just the "pure android" experience that i'm disappointed with and would only prefer a slightly adulterated version, like my moto x2, which i find to be a completely enjoyable and satisfactory phone .   great deal for a great phone  .   with great service from amazon . the best  .   so far so good with my nexus 6  .   pretty much what i expected . great value for the money  .   great price for a nexus phone . finally i can enjoy monthly software updates without waiting for the carrier  .   love this phone, it is everything i wanted . it is big with a six inch screen, but that is exactly how i wanted it . now i do not have to worry about hitting different letters when texting because of my fat fingers . the pure version of android is also a plus because do not have to worry about having unnecessary oem apps on my phone  .   very good  .   great phone . easy to setup . buttons are large enough and are logically placed . sound is loud and clear . cameras work well . performance is flawless (email, internet speed, apps speed) no complaints at all, so far . i just want to stress that the nexus 6 is a large phone, so if you have small hands you should explore other options as well  .   i love my nexus 6  .   love the size  .   the picture is great  .   and the phone is fast  .   best of all its a google phone :) . lag free and powerful with no bloatware . unlocked and ready for use on any gsm carrier  .   the phone was ok, but after having premium smartphones, it lacked some of the niche features i was looking for, such as a fingerprint reader . and, the screen wasn't as good as my note 4 . i did enjoy the pure android experience, but that even left some things to be desired  .   amazing phone and really fast performance, i just hate the curved design  .   perfect   . the device exceeded my expectations in battery life, performance & features . no regrets on this purchase, however  .   great media phone . fast and reliable . great deal at the new price . battery lasts all day, camera is good, its fast, and everything works as it should . i recommend  . great  .   cant find anything better than this . unbeatable price, i got 64gb model for only $399 . great phone completely brand new, i have used it for a week and i am in love with it  .   best deal in town awesome phone period  . works great . they are free from sprint . great phone for . the phone is great but my front camera does not work, already try with motorola support service but the problem persist . return the phone it's really complicated for me because i am not from usa, so this sucks :/ . so far, i say there's no reason to get the latest nexii (5x nice size but not as powerful, 6p great but costly) . i am very pleased with this phone and what it offers . this is a great traveling phone as it supports world bands . excellent speakers, dual front facing  . great to use but also too big to handle one-handed . small phone users will take some times to get used to this but will eventually love it  .   awesome looking phone, fast, beautiful screen, with all the power from motorola and google . beware because for some people it could be too big  . i love amoled, but this panel is just not high quality . i love the size, and stock android, but unfortunately i can't recommend this phone to most people  . there is no way i could afford the original price of $600! but at $360 i jumped at it . it is a pretty nice phone . i do miss a notification light, vibration as it turns on and it is slippery in the hand, minor things that i can do without . the screen is beautiful, bright and clear, the sound is fantastic, loud and not tinny as most phones are . it is pure google android which i like . very easy to operate . all in all a nice phone . nothing extraordinary but a nice phone . glad i bought it for the much lower cost . thank you amazon  . no issues with activation at my local att store . she did say, " oh we dont sell those, they are complicated " . ( bleh! ) anyway, my only complaint about the phone os is that it wont let me change the volume of txt msg independent of the ringer volume . i know some people were complaining about att or something splashing on their screens, but this one did not . maybe this is the trick to preventing the att logo  .   great phone for the price . it does everything i need and i don't see any reason to upgrade quite yet unless you need the latest and greatest every year  .   i am very pleased with this phone . i am on t-mobile, so just inserted sim and the phone was ready to go . i really like that the device receives regular updates to android, unlike previous and current samsung devices i own . here are my pros and cons . good battery life . excellent speakers . love the display (the phone is not too big) . not loaded with bloatware like my previous samsung . the battery is not designed to be user changeable, some of us like to keep a phone for more than two years . i suck at installing them . good thing wife is an expert at it  .   good one . easy to use and i like the option of adding my own apps . much less junk to clutter up the memory & opporation of the phone . nice size too . 2 of my coworkers asked about the phone & also liked it  .but honestly for the price and the fact that is stock android is worth every single penny . very fast processor,nice clear colors,great stereo speakers and with the motorola charger it does not take hours to get a full charge . no bloat wear from phone carriers just pure google android lollipop . it works great  .   contrary to the description the phone does work on verizon . works like a champ  .   i miss earphone   .   i love the os of naked android and the screen is large and very vibrant . the speakers are loud and clear . this phone is a easy 5/5 but the camera crashing constatnly makes the camera unusable . theu camera takes nice clear pictures but the crashing issue keeps it from being a perfect phone for me . it's a lovely device and i use it as a backup phone when i come home . it is substantial in the hand but that really just makes me like the nexus 6 even more . it's smooth and it has all the goodness of stock android good or bad . the battery life is just ok, i expect this to be improved when android m . overall you can't go wrong with this device even with the nexus 6p on his way out i feel like this is worth the price tag for what you are getting . i also enjoy the amoled screen on this device though it's a bit dim outside compared to my other phone . if you have the money and enjoy larger phones i say jump on it you won't even . also i love wireless charging as well  . this is by far my favorite smartphone i have ever owned, & i have owned a lot . since this phone has gone on sale i think it is the best value for high and smartphone . you will not be disappointed with this phone if you love to tinker with android .   amazing phone . the 1440p amoled screen is almost unbelievably clear . it runs every game i've tried at a smooth seemingly 60+ fps . highly recommended phone, for $350 it is a steal, blowing away phones prices over 2x as high  .   while this is certainly an excellent phone, with a beautiful 2560x1440 display, good camera, and surprisingly comfortable for it's colossal size, i had several issues with mine, which ultimately caused me to return the phone . first, the top speaker hisses/crackles, particularly when the battery is low . to me, this was unacceptable for a $400 device (i had the 64gb model) second, the battery life was very poor, in my experience . i had bluetooth off, brightness set to approximately half, with adaptive brightness enabled, and was pushing two email accounts to the phone . third, i had issues with the touchscreen responsiveness . certain areas of the screen were more responsive than others, which led to some frustration, particularly when marking up pdf documents for grad school classes . camera takes excellent pictures, even in low light where digital noise performance was impressive 2 . before encountering the speaker hiss issue, the stereo front-facing speakers were impressive for a smartphone speaker . having this capability was invaluable several times due to the short battery life i experienced 4 . the display is simply the best i have seen on any smartphone to date .) if you are used to the highly-saturated and contrasty images such as those displayed on samsung smartphones, you may be disappointed . however, colors are still displayed evenly and naturally, the display, especially text is razor-sharp and just a joy to look at . i really wanted this phone to work well, and loved so many features of the phone . i may have just gotten a lemon, but the speaker hiss and battery drain issues are common problems with this phone  . fantastic  .   with the new model out, this model fell to a price point where i felt comfortable enough to buy it . it's been a week, and i'm very happy with the phone . the slim edges made it a little hard to handle; a small issue that was easily fixed by adding a supcase . the combination actually made it fit my delta cycle bike mount xl much better too! blazing lte speeds, loud dual front firing speakers, strikingly rich quad hd screen, qi wireless charging (which has been dropped on the new model) and turbo charging  .   i honestly doubt that the average joe would really need anything better or newer . at a price that's way lower than an equivalent but smaller sized unlocked phone with less memory, and considering this was the flagship phone for google just last year, i think this is a no-brainer  .   i love this phone! i got it a few weeks ago and it is so much better than my galaxy s4 . it runs android very smoothly and the screen size is amazing . i had to get used to it but having a 6 inch screen makes it so much easier to type emails and see apps . i am very glad i got this phone and would recommend it to anyone who is looking and trying to figure out what kind of phone they want . also love how fast the charging is with the charger it comes with . so far, it is an amazing phone  .   at the price of $349, nexus 6 is marvelous  . i love the screen . i feel very comfortable with phone size . the only problem with this phone is battery life . dont get me wrong, it gets my through the day, but it definitely not that good how it was on note 3 . and fast charge help a lot . the nexus 6 does not feel like that at all . it feels like a premium phone . the camera is substantially better than the nexus 5 camera, though it doesn't hold a candle to some of the other flagship phones out there . i can say that what it lacks in the camera department it amply makes up for with the strong processor, large screen and 3gb of ram . if you can get used to the large screen size, you'll almost be disappointed to move back to a 5" screen like the nexus 5  .   i really tried to like this phone . it has some very solid things going for it -- that huge screen, the lightning quick processor, and a relatively big cache of memory . but the negatives are just too much to ignore . if you like that idea, more power to you . i miss being able to add my own ringtones . the curved back of the phone is elegant, but it also makes it impossible set the phone down and use it, unless you're using it to play spin the bottle, because it's great at that . that slick back makes the phone practically suicidal -- it almost leaps out of your hand every chance it gets . unless my phone is defective, anyone that says the battery life is adequate is a casual user, and anyone that says it's good is an outright liar . i can kill the battery, from full to 10% (which triggers a shutdown) in just over four hours . and speaking of batteries, why is everyone going to those horrible non-removable jobs? it makes the phone a lot less useful when it shuts down and you can't just swap in a new one . for the love of god, why? even 64gb, which is pretty good, starts to feel small when that's all you'll ever get . i miss my note 3  .   we ended up returning this phone, but not because of the phone itself, but because for whatever reason it was terrible on verizon's network . and it's not a sim card issue or anything . we had no issues with our other phone, but put the sim card in the nexus 6 and the signal just was not as good . we did all the usual updates, just didn't want to work well . the phone itself was really nice  .1 and now the phone is buttery smooth, don't hesitate to buy it, if you do like it you will not be disappointed  . otherwise, this phone is an excellent product . i had paid full price for mine, so the reduced cost was a super plus . in "google" always get a pretty good smartphones and tablets by pure android on board, so price for such characteristics . undoubtedly, the main advantage is its performance here on the board quite a powerful qualcomm snapdragon processor with a frequency of 805 mhz, 2700, the new adreno 420 video processor and 3 gb of ram . a bit pumped up the sound from the speakers, it is not as loud and big as we would like . camera - 4-no much outstanding performance has not .   great phone for the price! timely updates, beautiful screen, great front facing speakers, decent camera, and speedy smooth experience . i see no reason for you to not buy it! the battery isn't as great as some options but android marshmallow has a few features to improve it including doze mode . get it because m is about to release, you will get it first and it will improve an already great phone and fix it's only issue . this phone is not to big  .   it felt nice in my hand and made viewing all media the best experience on a smart phone i have had thus far  . stock android (if you like that) . very well built .   this is the best android phone i have ever used, no bloatware at all . got my new phone 3 weeks with the intention of testing it out and returning it if it didn't pan out . well after some hiccups when i first got it that were rectified by installing the latest version of lollipop ( removed my cricket wireless sim card and did a factory reinstall to update) this phone is great  . it is super fast and very large which is what i like . easy to use i just love this phone . gaming is much faster and much better for you get more out of it  . i love it! fast and great battery life . fast charge is a must  .   i love it . work very well . yes, it's pretty big . but the screen is brilliant, it's fast, it almost always carries the latest updates and os, the battery lasts a long time, it's pretty intuitive to use, the sound quality is acceptable, as are the cameras . i'm using mine with google project fi and i'm loving it  .   have had the phone for less than 5 days and has already frozen up 3 times . also, it is pretty large for a smaller hand . the camera took nice pictures and the dual speakers are great  .   i have owned a nexus 5 for 2 years and have liked it very much . i don't really have many complaints other than it shouldn't be freezing up as it is brand new  .   it is a good phone for 399 .i think motorola is better than huawei  .   the good: -excellent battery life -nice, big, excellent quality screen -very fast the bad: -reboots by itself . this seems to be a very common problem with these devices - they tend to reboot for many different reasons and you will find many different solutions which may or may not work for you . real awkward to have in your pocket . i'd return it if it weren't for it being the only phone supported by project fi mine has a hardware problem where it reboots by itself whenever it goes to sleep/triggers some sort of sleep mode when it is unplugged . others have reboot problems too, but not to this degree . i was trying to troubleshoot the problem by recording its logs using alogrec from google play to see what is logged prior to a reboot; however, the simple act of having it running saving logs to the sdcard results in this full sleep mode never being activated, and therefore the bug+reboot does not occur . try that if you're having issues and none of the existing solutions seem to work  .   it is quite disappointing when i found out that my nexus 6 is unstable and it will auto reboot intermittently . plus, i've only used it for less than a week and the return shipping fees is cost me a$112, which is horrible expensive! i think i made a wrong decision on buying this phone . it's utterly disappointed  .44 inch phone which served me well until the charging/micro usb port quit charging the phone . there is nothing i can say bad about the nexus 6, i ran atutu benchmarks and my oneplus one and the nexus 6 were pretty much identical, if i can remember right both scored around 49500-50000 . size wise, even though the nexus 6 is bigger, its not that much bigger than the oneplus one . the nexus 6 speakers sound very good and are in stereo which is a rare thing in phones now and have no distortion at full volume . touch smoothness seems to be the best of any phone i have had when playing games . one crazy good feature is you can select what notifications you want which is beyond great . battery life is adequate and on par with phone this size, but the quick charge makes this better since i can use the phone all night and quick charge it for a 1/2 hour and get through the rest of the day . i like huge phones, more like tablets, just a personal preference . update: i have had the nexus 6 now long enough to really use the phone and i am very happy with it . i have never had a freeze up or shut down for no reason issue, that pretty much all my android phones in past have had . being a nexus, is odd its 11/18 today and i still don't have the marshmallow update . i'm trying to think of any bad points to this phone, but is very hard to find faults . only bad thing i can think of, is when battery gets low, below 15% warning, there is a point where phone just shuts off, no warning after the 15% before it shuts down . at first i wanted huge, this phone is growing on me and the 6 inch screen size is nice, fits in my shirt pocket and takes great pictures  .   horrible experience  . i opened the box and there it was the huge nexus 6 box along with a tempered glass protector and a clear spigen case . got the protector on the phone no problem and the case was a perfect fit . setting up my simcard was easy i power up the phone the screen is beautiful i go thru the google set up update all the apps set up my 7 email accounts everything was going perfect . they suggested i return the device wait for my refund 7-10 days after they receive the device then reorder it again . for a flagship device the software problems are unacceptable and so was the solution by amazon you have lost a customer after more than 10 years of shopping here  .   this is probably one of the best deals on an unlocked phone right now . but thats a good thing . it's a really great phone . i love this phone . it is replacing my lg optimus pro and i wanted a phablet that is reasonably priced . only miss is the lack of a silent feature but vibration is not a big deal for me . while it's a great phone full of top-notch features, i made the switch from overpriced verizon wireless to t-mobile to save money, take advantage of gobs of data at crazy low cost, and take my chances that the network will continue to improve based on their dramatically increasing market share . no amount of youtube troubleshooting videos, android central user forum posts, not even my sons who campaigned long and hard in an effort to get me and dear ol' dad to bail on verizon, could have prepared me for the disappointment (nay, ignorance?) when i tried time and again to enable wifi calling, to no avail .com doesn't appear to mislead, but the marketing geniuses at t-mobile are going to hear from me about the lack of any mention of a difference between the device they and others sell bearing the motorola dimple and signature nexus logo on the flipside . does the cost-conscious yet marginally savvy user going to understand the importance of a build number, which translates to wifi calling or not? unlikely . or am i the only one? maybe so, considering the lack of mention on the t-mobile support pages . or is someone keeping it quiet for a reason? i wonder  .   i love the phone, it works great, but only problem is battery doesn't last long . even if i am not using it, battery still drained almost all the way . brilliant screen, great battery life, and blazing fast performance . i have huge hands and this is the first phone i've found that doesn't feel like a toy . the price is perfect for this, especially considering that it's unlocked . lollipop is super fun and well designed although i would have like better a bit more customization in the app drawer (don't want to install a custom launcher for that) screen is as sharp as it gets, won't be dissapointed . size may be a bit huge, but that's the reason i bought it, to have a big screen for productivity and  .   i read a lot of ebooks making a sharp and big screen a must for me . (play books is awesome and i can even add my own epub files and have them on the cloud for any device) sound is a lot more powerful than galaxy s3 and galaxy tab 2 7" that i had before . just for comparisson though, i can hear music clearly while in the shower :) everything works outside the box . only complaint is the back cover is plastic and it gets some fingerprints, isn't a deal breaker since i cleaned it and put the phone in a case  .   wonderful phone, although a bit to big for my liking . using it in one hand is definitely cumbersome  .   love this phone, but the camera on it is not as good as what i've had with the lg3 or the note3 & 5 hopefully the nexus 6p will have a better cam . i got this beautiful phone last week and i have to say, this is by far the best phone i have purchased to date . i am coming from an xperia z1 so this was a big upgrade for me . i was going to wait for the nexus 6p but seeing that it has a usb c port was a main turn off for me, and also the fact that huawei made the new phone which made me question the quality and durability of the new device (i'm not just claiming this, i've had not so good experiences in the past with huwawei) . this is one of the best deals out there for any device, and i could finally say nexus 6 is the best bang for buck on any current phone on the market (and nexus phones should stay that way) . here are the +ves of this device: + beautiful qhd amoled screen that i believe is better looking than ips screens, and i can honestly tell the difference between qhd and fhd especially with this screen size . a very important note here is to turn off the adaptive brightness as the screen just simply looks awful with it on, with a noticeable pink hue that ruins everything . turning the adaptive brightness off should be the first thing you do when you turn on your device . +snapdragon 805 with 3gb of ram is noticeably faster than 800 with 2gb of ram . i can finally switch easily between tabs without having to worry about the tabs being closed every time i switch . +size is perfect for me, at first i was a bit sceptical about one handed use, but the more i use it the more i got adjusted and i really don't think i can go back to using 5 inch phones any more . i do wish motorola included a bigger battery since this is quite a big hefty phone, but overall i am satisfied with what i have . +the speakers on this thing is the best i've seen on any portable device . it's not just the volume but the quality of sound, these are some seriously good speakers that will definately meet your demand for multimedia, gaming and entertainment . +64gb emmc i believe is enough to use the phone for the next 2 to 3 years . i'm really not a big fan of micro sd since they are slower than internal memory, and you can't install some apps on your micro sd (something i struggled with my xperia z1 that only had 16gb internal storage) . i honestly think all devices should head in this direction, and ditch micro sd since we have cloud storage now . +the craftsmanship of this device is supreme, this does not feel like something you would get for less than $800 . it feels very well made and premium, not too many people care about this particular aspect in phones (that's why so many people buy 'plastickish' sumsung and not many buy premium quality sony phones) nevertheless i see it as one of the most important aspects of a phone next to user experience . + stock android is hands down the best version of android out there, i really don't understand why would some companies use a lame customised skin rather than stock . i've seen some very awkward android skins and this is way superior than any other android phone out there, i just don't get it . ********** as for the -ves - the edges are slightly sharper and narrower than i would've liked . i'll probably forget about it, but i just hope motorola would adjust this small issue in future devices . -a bit slippery at times, just be careful not to use this device at risky places, like in the bathroom . -the vibration while typing isn't very satisfying . this is not a fault or anything, everything works fine, but just the vibration feeling isn't that of quality . i bought this phone with one thing in my mind : this is the best phone on the planet right now, and make no mistake after 1 week of using this gorgeous device i believe my claim to be true . pull the trigger my friend and get this device, you will not regret it  . easily one of the best android phones . love the constant instant updates from google . otherwise no freezes, smooth, great screen  .   great phone but the negative reviews regarding the battery are accurate . i'm sending it back to amazon for a replacement, as mentioned below, everything else worked like a charm . ************** i liked this phone a lot . there are some negative remarks about the size but believe me once you are used to it (1-2 days), you will never go back to a smaller device . the screen looks amazing and the phone is very fast . however, last couple of days, i've been hearing a rattling noise from the speaker . its pretty random - once or twice a day and is very disturbing . i'll keep it for some more days to see if the issue re-appears . verizon users follow my format and you will be fine  .   this sale was a big hassle due to lacking info in description . this is the xt1103 phone and it will work with project fi .   good phone if you are ok with its monstrous size . screen is a bit washed out (google has not done a great job in calibrating the screen) . ended up in returning mine since it has issues with the speakerphone (choppy voice while using the speaker phone) . great phone, fast and with all the google updates  .   the best screen on the nexus family, nice size, is really big, but is amazing phone . nice deliver  . review possibly a bit biased in this phone's favor since i left behind a much, much worse phone . things for other regular joes and gals to know: - this phone has a smooth curved back . this means it's going to spin around in place a lot when you have it lying flat on tables . - i regularly get the phone turned upside down leading to problems remembering where the volume/power buttons are on the side . top and bottom aren't quickly distinguishable at a glance . minor annoyance, just means you might spend some time fumbling for buttons, especially when the aforementioned problem gets the phone spinning around . i came from a phone with like 2gb storage, though, so this feels like a mansion . ladies, there's a good chance it won't fit in your front pockets; it doesn't fit in mine . i can play music on it throughout the workday without issues and make it home with ~25% charge (only on wifi, cell data will drain it to about 10% by the time i leave work) . two weeks later update: i catch myself frequently saying that i love this phone . it's a lovely phone .   love my new phone . super fast and nice big screen . better then my s4 and my blu studio 6 . still in the learning stages of this phone but so far so good  .   the phone is super cheap and super worth it . i think the reason it's cheap is because the newer nexus is coming out soon, but this phone is super responsive . i also have a galaxy s6, but i like this phone way better . the s6 lags a little but this phone has no lag and updates are always coming to improve it .   which is a feature that is available if purchased thru tmobile . if that's not important, it's a wonderful phone . screen is crystal clear and the calls are a lot crisper than the nexus 5 . great phone, just missing one key feature for us  .   beast of a phone that works on all carriers and is gorgeous to look at, read, type . my first android phone was a droid 2 global by motorola that i absolutely loved to death due to it's longevity, ruggedness and slide out keyboard for ease of typing . after it started to be come slow, sluggish and eventually crapped out on me . i thought i'd never go back to a motorola device but seeing this gorgeous phone last year i knew i wanted it . however i didn't want to buy it at the full 700+ dollar price tag and i was happy with my old phone at the time . but then i needed something knew and seeing the iphone 6+, i knew i wanted something big but not apple, since i'm pretty deep into android now . it's absolutely massive and gorgeous to look at . and the best thing about amoled is that the blacks are very black, since the screen in that area is not on . having this 2560x1440 resolution on a phone means very sharp, crystal clear pictures, messages, games, and movies but it does come at a cost of average battery life . this, honestly, doesn't bother me much since i can still see everything on this screen well . it's still bright enough for me to read my messages in almost direct sunlight . the little divot where the motorola symbol is helps tremendously in being able to cradle and hold this phone . i do have slightly larger than normal hands but i've always used my phones two handed for typing anyway and this is a lot better than having to squish my hands together to type . audio quality is amazing on this thing . i came from another phone that revolutionized front facing speakers and loved it back then . these are honestly a lot better and a lot louder, and i keep the volume half way . this is coming from a guy who likes his music louder than normal and i feel like this phone is too loud . this phone supports every us carrier (the us model) and since most of the carriers now are doing away with contracts (and having you pretty much have a phone-loan now), buying this at it's 400 dollar price tag is a steal . if you're a die-hard android fan or like to tinker with phones, this is the one to get . there is a great group of devs and support for this phone . even with the new nexus devices right around the corner, i'm very glad that i bought last year's nexus 6 . well worth it, just make sure you have a portable charger with you to help alleviate that slightly above average battery life  . love the phone . i have not encountered any stutter at all . it browses the web faster than my dual core laptop  .   great phone at a great price! don't be scared away by the size, but this phone is a beast in every positive sense of the word! great specs and great performance at an even better price! highly recommended  . did not buy out of the gate due to the ridiculous price it had at the beginning . like all nexus cameras, not the best, but it does the job and i think it's the best so far from the nexus lineage . now the sound! the double frontal loud speakers sounds, er, "delicious" and it makes a real pleasure to play games or to watch anything on that screen . clarity of calls is superb, i think the best of all nexii . person on the other side sounds right next to you . regarding battery, i was so afraid as i saw many reviews saying the worst about it .   my fears were unfounded! if you like nexus, this one is a keeper  .   works just fine on verizon .   amazing phone . it's fast, fluid, powerful, and you can't beat the pure android experience . the display is bright, large, and insanely crystal clear . the back is smooth but grippy and with the small bezels on the front panel, it looks sleek and smooth all around .   item as described; recommend to all  .   awesome phone all around  .   no screen shot no wi fi calling the most dumdest f$#&ing phone i ever used i cursed the day i cursed the day i brought this phone . great phone at an incredible price . this is the best deal for an android phone that is unlocked to work on all the major carriers that you will find anywhere . the major benefit to a nexus device is that you don't get all of the crap bloatware that phone manufacturers and carriers seem to think we all want or need . you also get the latest and greatest android software version long before any other phone on the market . this is my first nexus phone but if they can continue making a great device unlocked and bloat free i might be a customer for life .   very pleasant shopping experience! nexus6 battery life is very satisfied, but poor at low screen brightness when the color, of course, this is a problem amoled！ . really a great phone, and thank you amazon for shipping to china . (to google: you still need lots of work to do on camera, big gap with apple isight) . i could not be happier with a phone purchase . outstanding phone! arrived today and set up was a breeze . beautiful dark blue casing  . this phone is fast! i had an extra t-mobile nano sim to use and the set up with t-mo was fast and easy . i looked on the t-mo forums and amazon/google user posts and reviews before buying and i do agree with one hardware complaint, the phone gets warm, but not uncomfortably for me . the other big issue, resolved only recently it seems, is wi-fi calling on t-mo  . i'm waiting for the lumia 950/950xl (folks, try a windows phone, they don't have as many apps but they are functional and fun as all get out), but in the meantime, the nexus 6 will do nicely . and the price? i waited almost a year but it was worth it . at $699, no way jose, but at $399, yowza! pros: premium feel premium look, midnight blue smooth back, aluminium dark silver blue sides fast initial setup fast t-mo set up excellent back facing camera sharp, bright display . 6 inch size fast processor . fast internet . web pages loaded quickly wi-fi calling is working with the last t-mo update fast charging latest (sep 2015) pure android os build (5 .1) cons: does get warm while charging . great reception, signal strength is a lot more stronger than my last phone . powerful hardware, haven't had any lagging issue so far . large memory capacity comes in pretty handy  .   great phone! very fast and has a really nice screen .   everything about the phone was great as described . however, the biggest downfall was the battery life . drains tremendously even on standby .   i only giving them three stars because i need to keep checking it, is too early to know how good it is  .   great phone for the price  . holy crap . only weird thing is how long it takes for it to load . note: this phone will work for tracfones byop program  . amazing phone . very fast and i love the front speakers . love the price . lightning fast and it was the us version not the international . or a lesser type android, do your self a favor and buy this phone  .   i am very happy with this item . the nexus 6 is larger, has a better camera and front facing speakers for better sound . very happy to buy it now at $350 rather than the $650 intro price  . works good .   so much better than my samsung galaxy note 3 . love it so far . my phone is my office, and truthfully, its not like i work that much . so far, i'm not completely satisfied with the handling of the phone . first off, the phone gets super hot when in high usage . i have a cover and still it gets uncomfortably hot when gaming or streaming video . this is especially annoying when the phone rings and i have to put it to my ear and its blazing hot . i thought my device was defected, but then saw many other customers complain about the same thing so now i think it's just what this phone does .  does it have an end? it's like it doesn't have a limit of windows that can be open . i find myself having 30+ windows open at a time sometimes and the phone starts bugging out . it starts freezing, giving me error messages when loading a web pages, etc  .  so i have to continuously be on top of clearing and cleaning clutter in the phone . this is not too difficult in theory with all the amps . anyway, the point is, i thought i was getting a really great product at a bargain . instead, i think either this phone is defective, or its not as powerful as i thought it'd be . after a month, the feelings i reserve for this phone have not gotten any better  .   this phone crashes constantly! sometimes it works as advertised, other times i want to smash it against the wall  .   overall a decent phone on it's own .   love it . i thought it would make a great alternative or back up to my iphone 6 plus . after several system updates, i entered the correct t-mobile apn information and everything worked flawlessly including band 12 . this phone is fast and the display is beautiful . the bottom line is i'm loving stock android and this phone .   ***update*** few days in with the nexus 6, i am loving the phone in its supcase  .   i am hating  .   i stopped using the turbo charger because it is an over glorified battery killing devil  .   the turbo charger is a convenience when you are rushing out the door with a low battery and want that extra 20% of battery juice quickly, but the turbo charger is also a battery killer . i don't mind waiting 28 years to get a full charge because the moto g charger takes it's time to charge the battery and i'm glad  .   because, there is no heat! and i'd rather have a phone with a good battery 28 years later than have a brick 5 minutes later . heat is the greatest destroyer of phone batteries . turbo charging is good but i also don't want to carry an electric cooking range for the convenience of turbo charging  . the phone is heavy, the screen is sharp and bright but comes across as warm so whites don't pop up as they did on the moto g . the 2nd gen moto g is a very nice phone, sans it's memory . the only thing that made me upgrade from the moto g 2014 was it's lack of memory . at 8gb storage and only 1gb system, i feel that motorola compromised what would have been a great phone for the ages . the moto g 2nd gen is an awesome phone . it's battery is stupendous! gorgeous screen! it just works . i just got tired of having to close apps just to stream my favorite radio shows on iheartradio and delete apps because of running low on storage .   that in mobile devices, it is okay to be a fiscal conservative because, cellphones are the worst kind of investment to make and you surely get what you pay for . the nexus 6 is a giant phone, a tad smaller than a nexus 7 . but it is a gorgeous device with good system and storage specifications . no longer do i have to worry about choppy audio because the system is running out of memory and no longer do i have to pick and choose what apps to keep and what to delete, just to save a few mb of storage space .  the moto g has a 5 inch screen so it is the perfect screen . the nexus 6 has 32gb storage, enough for what i need, and 3gb system ram . a qualcomm 805 chipset is an awesome jump from the 400 i had to endure on the moto g . i still feel the 400 is a capable chip especially when it comes to pure android but it suffered because it's memory was badly stifled . in today's day and age of advanced mobile software 16gb is no longer adequate storage .   i am very pleased with my giant phone the nexus 6 . it is smooth, looks and feels great in the hand, sound is awesome . to be honest i just got the phone so time will tell, the only thing i have noticed that i do not like is the camera is not all that good . now, it dosen't look like a camera from the soyuz missions of the 1980s but it will get the job done for simple facebook photos and instagram but that's about it . nexus 6 is a great upgrade . if you buy the international version, you will have some issues with lte networks in the us .   i am happy to have the nexus 6  . great phone, bought it, to replace a moto x 2nd gen with a cracked screen, of the same design . worked wonders on the att network, and now that i'm using google fi, which uses both tmobile and sprint networks, i can say they to work without issue  .   i love my new phone . but i am not a picky person with phones . i like that . had really hard time with my old phone because it did not . the camera seem good - another plus . i liked the size of nexus 5 . overall, i like it a lot  .   very good cell phone . not as fast as i expected though  . easy setup and nice looking . i was worried because many comments were made that you need two hands to use the phone . love it and love the price  .   nice cell phone  . very good product, very satisfied, is the price of other places is much lower . then there was a problem of the screen blacking out when i am on the phone and i cannot use it until the call ended . this is way more problems than i want to deal with especially on a new phone  .   awesome phone love it . the size was never the problem it was the $700 plus price . but since it was only $350 i jumped on it super fast  .   i got so use to this 6inch phone that it makes my nexus 5 look like a baby screen  . my phone frozen on the first one and had to do a safe mode reboot, then, it was fine on all others . now, i don’t recommend installing more apps until all the android updates are done because every time the system does and optimization of every app and it’s a long process . • dislike: no led notification . when placed on a flat screen its annoying that the phone moves left of right while touching the screen .1 inches) with and emu that provides an option for one hand operation such as, small left or right unlock screen which is very handy . no small screen option neither for one hand operation . either way, the ascent mate 2 was a little bit bigger so i'm ok operating the phone with one hand . • like a lot: great 5 . • like: great front stereo speakers . * like: no start or power off sound (noise) • this phone is fast with ok google on google now launcher . • i like the “automatic” unlock options such as location (for home use) and bluetooth for the car and smart watch . • it’s unconventional that the options screen it available from the lock screen, kind of a motherboard password update: not anymore after an update that change the scroll for the apps from left to right to up and down plus a search and most common apps used . i hope battery doesn’t die within a year . at current price of $400 for 64gb its kind of a big deal . will not get worried about space at all .   awesome phone for the reduce price . glad i waited and it was a giant upgrade to my nexus 5 (still an awesome phone!)  .   google has a great phone here . the only draw back is the screen is very hard to read in bright sunlight . i was an ihater that had to get an iphone due to older/forked droid phones being so bad and i am on call a lot . ended up liking it and getting another . after the 6 came out and not being impressed, i wanted a bigger screen with out the bigger price tag . security is a big concern so i am def not getting another bastardized phone again . google has a good back up and update system in place now . with this phone you dont have to worry about the vendor or the carrier suppressing important security updates . google account integration here is the biggest plus . this phone is so seamless with the integration of everything it's very impressive .   at $350, this is without a doubt a 5 star product . at it's original price of $650 when first release with all of the bugs lollipop had, it probably wasn't . either way, i've been very happy with the performance of this phone . the size, as most reviews state, definitely takes some getting used to, but the screen is very nice and a worthwhile trade-off . if you are coming from a samsung galaxy, or an lg g4, you probably won't be super impressed, but it is decent and hdr+ is fantastic . i'd definitely take a chance on it, you won't be disappointed  .   best phone for the price .   unlocked device that works on pageplus/verizon mvnos/verizon, etc . as well as the usual companies like at&t & t-mobile or their mvnos . i just placed a case on it and stopped worrying about it . it is an adhesive issue - motorola used cheap adhesive . not such a big flaw that i'm going to be upset over it on an expensive device . i could easily have returned it through amazon, with their amazing customer service, but i didn't feel like waiting to get a new one in . this device is worth every penny, especially with it's reduced price here! you can't buy one used in mint condition from popular re-sale sites that i won't name on here! i haven't experience any overheating issues on either devices, and we are pretty intense on our wifi usage in our house . so, bottom line is that if you can get past some potentially bad adhesive, you won't be disappointed . 5 stars, no doubt  .   i've had the phone for a couple of days now and i'm super impressed . the screen makes reading way more pleasurable than on my nexus 5 (5 inch screen) and the battery life is phenomenal . also, i love that the screen activate when you pick the phone up, which was a great, unexpected feature  .   size: i have small hands but i don't find the phone too big to use for me .   i also think the phone is the perfect size for reading and using like a tablet, but not so big that it's too big to carry around for daily use . i had a nexus 7 for a tablet previously and while i loved the thing, it was a bit too big for my hands and i had to carry it in my bag or purse . this one still fits in my back pocket while i'm walking around, even in tight pants! screen: the resolution on the screen is amazing, definitely the best i've seen on a phone so far! like how the phone automatically adjusts the brightness based on how much light is in the room, it is also very easy to adjust yourself! youtube videos and pictures look very sharp and clear on the screen! sound: i love the two speakers on the phone . i especially like how they are on the front side of the phone rather than the back . it's like surround sound in your hand! sound can get very loud and always sounds pretty clear . it charges the phone insanely fast! the battery is pretty good on the phone as well . if it is a day when i don't do much with it other than the occasional text and phone call the battery lasts until i'm ready to go to sleep for the night . i've had phones with longer battery life, but i don't think the battery life on this one is anything to complain about especially considering the size of the screen . camera: as a professional photographer i am always big about how the camera is on a phone . this one is amazing! the back facing camera is very sharp and clear, it also works great in low light . i like how the flash on the phone has two small lights on either side of the camera . the front facing camera is good as well, however it is not as clear as the back one, which is to be expected . i love the camera app to take pictures, it has panorama and sphere settings which is always a nice little bonus to have . i also love how the nexus 6 automatically backs your photos up to your google account . features: of course works great with all the good apps and products . a personal favorite of mine is that you can cast your home screen to chrome cast . which is great if you want to show someone a video on facebook, or have a music app that doesn't have the cast feature! i've had this phone for about three weeks now and i have no major complaints so far! also, for anyone that wants to know i use my phone with straight talk on at&t towers  .   it arrived as scheduled in great condition box was great as well not tore up the phone runs amazing very satisfied with my purchase i came from an iphone 6 it is definitely a lot bigger but i was easily able to adapt to the size within a day of using it great battery life very user friendly . works nicely . not the best browser experience . smoother on ios . great phone for the price . all in all, a great buy for the price and nice to not have typical android bloat from samsung or htc  .   best battery life of any phone i've owned . 6" is a little big but not too big compared to note series . - the downfall is, this is 32 bit processor, now android devices are moving towards 64 bit . - other is i would have loved if there was a microsd card tray . too bad the package does not come along with an earphone, how much does that thing really cost google to add it to the package? - it came with os 5 lollipop, it asked me if i would like to update to 5 .1, same thing again, and then another update, it was like never ending , why can't i just jump to one last final update automatically? androids are you listening? but overall experience is good for the price . awesome screen and photos (if the camera app works) 3 . good sound quality . phone getting really really warm/ hot even with normal use . battery life : the battery drains really fast . camera lag : the background photo processing takes for ever .   upgraded from galaxy s4 . much better battery life, screen, call quality and performance . after receiving the phone i checked imei number on verizon website and it was compatible with verizon network . had no issues activating it at verizon kiosk at bj's  . i have a flip phone that works fine . since my old phone works so well, this will be my new tablet . both are far superior imho . amazon, as always, provided outstanding customer service  . this phone will work with sprint but read this first! you may run into some roadblocks getting a sim card for this phone so call ahead and make sure they have them in stock prior to receiving this phone . i ended up wasting most of the day trying to get this phone activated due to more than one store telling me they had the sim card, then waiting my turn in line only to be told that they didn't have the sim card after all . special thanks paul at the leawood ks sprint store for excellent customer service and finally getting this day long ordeal resolved! the correct nano sim card for this phone is part number: simglw426c . (it is free and provided by sprint when you activate your new phone . (an actual sprint store and not some mall stand or a stand inside of another store) sprint will need to add the esn to the network prior to activating this phone but that was not a big deal . so far the phone works as expected and no issues to report on the sprint network . i've had great battery life considering i've been messing with it non stop getting it set up the way i like . it charges lightning fast too . i'll update this review if i find it worth adding to the already numerous reviews but here are a few things i noticed on day 1 . and stay close to a fast wifi connection and let it charge .1 that left me a bit disappointed, but i'm still happy with the phone and like how fast it is without the bloatware . a couple of real bummers for me were the absence of slow motion video and group text messaging is gone from the messenger app in lollipop . the group messaging was easily resolved with a free 3rd party app . but as of this time, there is no viable solution for the lack of slow motion video which i used often at work . other than that, i haven't really found much that i can't resolve with a 3rd party app other than the limited vibration options .   best phone . the wireless charger is not worked in starbucks . the best phablet on the market . this device is very power hungry and can drain its battery while plugged into normal usb . i very happy with this purchase .   love this phone  .   it is big but love it  . warranty) summary: yes, its a big phone . but its untouched android experience make it a strong daily performer . it gives you the freedom of going with any carrier which is a big plus . some of my observations that throw light on day-to-day usage experience/quirks are below: performance: i switched from a note 4 mainly due to the sluggish nature of samsung touchwiz . compared to that, the-now-one-year-old nexus 6, runs like a breeze . no more waiting for the graphics/animations to catch up like my note 4 . everything just works out of the box! of course, you lose some features like the s-pen - but that is something i could live without in exchange for a zippy fast android phone like nexus 6 . it may seem to boost up colors more than normal, but that should be ok for most folks . i love the way nexus 6 flashes the notification summary and the clock when you move or pick up the phone from a stand still . battery life: after using it for a week (moderate usage - work / personal emails, 50 messages, 10-15 calls averaging 4min each, about 30 minutes of browsing, 15 minutes of youtube, 40 minutes of bluetooth music), i would end up with ~30% battery by end of the day after work . while the 3220mah battery is not a stellar performer, it gets that job done for me . size: this phone can seem like a behemoth depending on where you are coming from  .   for me, it was just a little bigger than my note 4 . i do like the huge 6" screen . it is very useful while watching videos and gaming . i am also able to see more content on emails without the need for scrolling, which is a big plus that i didn't see mentioned in many reviews . now, the downside of this phone is not the size but the material that makes up the back - it is very slippery . button placement: the screen lock/power and volume controls are on the right side and placed towards the top half of the phone . what this stops you from doing is to hold the phone in landscape mode on one hand with your thumb supporting the side that has these buttons .   this is a little annoying at times, but you do get used to it . its very tough to operate with one finger when your huge nexus 6 is rotating around like crazy . the sound is just booming at 60% volume and its enjoyable! 5 stars  .   there isn't much i can add to what's already been said, so i'm going to try to boil it down for ya . clean interface, latest software, no bloat to bog down the phone, etc . i've owned every nexus *phone* since the nexus one and each iteration has further refined the above concept . most apps work flawlessly . i have a lg watch urbane that just would not consistently pair with my oneplus one and now works flawlessly with my nexus 6 .0 (in case you need a quick top-off) - gorgeous screen - good sound - great deal at new price (399usd for 64gb) cons: - button placement . my oneplus one was the largest that fit in my hands comfortably for one handed use . i'm not sure loss of one handed use is worth the extra 0 . fast, but quirky, camera sometimes failing to respond tweeting reboot . tooooo damn big, and honestly, why do they make the glass curve at the edges without any metal protection? if it drops the impact points are more likely to be on glass, therefore requiring to buy a bigger, bulkier case  . but you should get a good bumper case for it because it's rather slippery . i installed the t-mobile nano sim in the top slot, went online and activated the phone, and i was off to the races . the phone's processor is fast, the 6" screen is crystal clear, and it operates flawlessly on my home's wi-fi . i'm very happy  .   i was wary about buying this phone, but i needed to start my google project fi service quickly . it turns out the display is damaged on this phone (due to heat) and will need warranty coverage . while the previous phones were covered under the cell phone company's universal coverage, warranty coverage here is a little more uncertain making this a cautionary buy  . the speaker of the first phone i got would make a clicking/popping noise when the vibrator spun . the noise was not a system noise, and would happen with the volume turned down/muted . the noise would occur mostly when texting/typing, however it could be heard when pressing the back button (or doing anything that made the phone vibrate) the only way to stop the noise was to turn off the phone vibrations . don't waste your money  .   i'm unsure if i missed something in the description .   very happy that i chose the nexus 6 so far . the enormous, beautiful screen is truly impressive for viewing text, images, and video . it is fast, responsive, and capable of performing whatever task i throw at it . pure android is much better than the modified versions from other manufacturers and soon android 6 .0 marshmallow will be available for it . battery life is good - i have several draining apps running constantly and still gets me through the bulk of the day  . it's definitely not as big as it was alluded to . i put it in the supcase hybrid case as it was cheap and provides good protection without adding a lot of bulkiness . it's running on my pre-paid cricket wireless account and it works fine . all in all, i'm pleased with the phone  .   ugh, this is a tough review for me . i love this phone . love, love, love it . i love the screen and the over size . motorola makes some really nice stuff . i bought this to work on tmobile . you're better off buying the phone from tmobile sadly  . great phone  .   nice screen, no bloats, little big for me, activated this unlocked phone on verizon without any issue and works great . was not the correct phone for usa, as advertised .   wow! my husband and i are huge google nerds and decided to upgrade to this since my husband's last nexus 4 decided to have horrible malfunction problems causing us to put that bad boy to bed . i have seen people walking around talking of their tablet size cellphones and thought how annoying and excessive . the phone is large, i wish i could've kept it but i would have definitely started having carpal tunnel syndrome after a while . this is really a gorgeous phone . the clarity for pictures taken is amazing, the screen itself is ridiculously clear! hopefully, all of the defects that were mentioned by others have already been worked out . google customer service is so on point though, i am really not worried about if something were to happen to the phone, within warranty period, and not have it replaced or fixed  . this is a great phone if you like big phones  .   for 349 you will find nothing better without a contract . awesome phone  . i bought it for the "pure" android experience and the positive experience i've had with other motorola phones . however, this is not just bulky, it doesn't fit right in the hand . it's awkward to press the button and still use one-handed . basically, just doesn't feel right  .   adding a case to this makes it even more awkward  .   i purchased the nexus 6 after having continued issues with my samsung note (1) . i am on t-mobile and was having constant dropped calls, lost connections, etc . and i blame the phone more than i do the service provider . it was old, the usb charging had been replaced, and most of my issues started after that (i think the repair tech may have damaged the antenna) . lightning fast compared to the note . a little faster than the blackberry passport i use for work (which is a great business phone in my opinion) . it really works well the streaming data . and it makes calls and picks up signal better than the note . but with the super fast charging, it's really no big deal . plug it in before dinner and it's got a nice bump in battery level after the dishes are done . the camera is decent enough . like the front camera for video chats . pictures are decent but the interface is a little clunky . i love the fact that this did not contain any bloatware as delivered . so nice to be able to manage what i want on it . in general, i really love this device . i just wanted something that would make good calls, give me fast browsing, and access to the latest stuff .   beautiful screen . really fast and volume is decent . but when doing somethings the volume doesn't work properly .) also you will need a good case . biggest complaint . horrible battery life . amazon was very polite and fast . i really like the phone . second update________________________________ the second unit suffers from even worse glitches . if you like android and staying up with updates this is the phone for you . well designed . great price . you guys know what, this defective s*** can't even be turned on . come on, it won't work no matter how long you do it . so disappointed by google mobile device .   phone is fast with a beautiful screen and good battery life . i have very large hands, and this phone is on the upper limit of comfortable phone size, so your mileage may vary, but this has replaced my samsung galaxy, my tablet, and most of the functions of my laptop in one device . it is a little awkward to hold during phone calls, but i've had it for two days so i'm sure i will get used to it . tldr: it's a really big phone, if that's what you want, you can't go wrong with this one  .   best value for the money at $350 . it is a huge phone, excellent screen and audio quality . camera takes great picture .   love the phone and the battery life . the only thing i don't like is that there is no sd card support . besides that it's a great deal and and an outstanding device  . mine had the problem that many have had, in that it would not connect to mobile data . i understand if you use sprint they may be able to fix the problem for you  . have not regretted the choice  .   best phone i have had yet . with the case on it is just as big as the iphone 6plus so if you are concerned about size don't let that keep you from getting this great phone  .   the best android smart phone till now . i hated the note 5 . this is pure google android . smooth, fast and feels really well-constructed . rooted this instantly after unpacking . lte works flawlessly in singapore, which is where i live . a super phone from motorola  .   bad news - this phone is discontinued, a newer better model is about to be released, so its not actually on sale, they are trying to unload these . i returned mine because it does not work with metro pcs (a gsm carrier) owned by t-mobile even tho the description says it works with t-mobile . so don't buy this if you want to use metro pcs, and google never responded to my request for fi - poor service = i'd suggest not buying google products  . supposedly this phone has a turbo charge capability that is faster when plugged into ac . one of the comments that i saw said that it was difficult to hold and use with one hand . i do like the 6" display . it is a little bulkier than most phones and heavier  .   phone is very good  . also i observed its get warmed up during charging and also in normal use like watching you tube etc . true luxury, these phones may spoil you for anything else . expansive, glorious display, fast, responsive cpu and gorgeous, liquid gpu . this is the finest phone i have ever owned and truly replaces my pc/mac in every way - and travels in my pocket! don't need glasses to read the status bar and entire web pages display and if not, the lightning-fast cpu zooms in and out with nary a stutter . fits comfortably in my hand and can do 0ne-handed scrolling with little effort . the wireless qi charging spoils me for anything else, but in the rare times (once in 6 months) when i'm caught short on power, the motorola turbo charger tops off the battery fast . simple to use and pure google experience is much better  .   feels very big at first but you will get use to it . love this phone  . new nexus 6 at a great price . i would recommend to anyone  .   too big in size for cell phone  .   good value for money now . phone arrived in perfect condition as expected, new/unopened box . things i like: - big, beautiful screen . - stock android! - camera has produced some great quality shots! (see images) - fast! it doesn't even flinch moving from one app to another - dual, front-facing speakers sound good - 32 gb, enough storage for day-to-day use and several games i thought it would be uncomfortable because of the size but after a week's use i can safely say it's not .5" was my limit but after using this beauty i never want to go below 6" again . time will tell but so far this is shaping up to be my best investment yet, cell-phone wise . highly recommended  .   i like nexus 6 . good price . good quality  . this device is a slight upgrade in all areas, except maybe not the software part because my oneplus was running on cyanogmod, which is like vanilla android, but more customization potential . physical issues i see are the pink hue of screen on low brightness, can be removed if disabled adaptive brightness . i keep it on, doesn't really bother me . the back cover might lose its adhesiveness and start coming off . i'm not sure if you can replace the back and solve it diy but motorola support says warranty replacement is free  .   bought this phone because i have a verizon unlimited data plan . i just popped my nano in to this bad boy and everything just works . as long a moto keeps up with its we work with all carries phone they will continue to get my money . side note love the unlocked bootloader  . for $400 for the 64 gig you won't find a better value . the screen is rather large but you adjust fast to it . the voice controls are some of the best i've seen at a phone . i put a cricket sim card in it and am very happy with the speeds i am getting ( $60 for 10 gig of lte makes my wallet happy also) . this phone has all the top of the line specs you would expect with the exception of the fingerprint scanner . this is still an amazing phone and is worth way more than $400 . big, sharp, screen makes it easy to see things . keyboard much easier to use than my old galaxy s3 .99 w/free shipping really makes this one of the best values on the market today .   phone came new and sealed in box with fast shipping . nexus 6 itself is pretty great . it's huge, but the display is absolutely gorgeous and there is a huge difference between it and my iphone 5s . it does get a little warm at times though, especially while using the included turbo charger (which is awesome, it charges the whole phone in around 80 minutes) . overall a good phone  .   it is a good product, but it is not having wifi calling . other than that it is goood  .   just love the sheer size of the device, not very big for my hands ;) it performs admirably well and the sd805 is indeed a very capable cpu coupled with 3gb of ram, it can out perform some of the latest flagships, even those with a sd808, specially in graphics intensive apps and games . only thing i dislike, which might not be an major issue to complaint about, is the battery . it gets hot while charging, yet gets cooler by the time it's nearing a full charge ;) added to that, you have a nexus device, with a suoerb updating system from google ;) . the lack of bloatware makes this phone extremely appealing . motorola's customer support was excellent as well when i dropped it from a third story building . highly recommend  .   this is a very good phone and i've had all the good ones samsung, lg, htc, and this phone is as good as any of them even better if you like the look of stock android screen is awesome and i like that it immediately gets any google android updates and for $350 well worth the money . super disappointing after a great experience with the last nexus . freezes constantly, keyboard types when i am not typing, and phone volume is extremely low . bummed about this purchase in a big way  .0 i feel a good case will help me with my grip . i looked at the lg g4 i really liked the camera and camera app it came with . what a great experience using the wheel to change the variables manually . amazon prime preset music play lists were awesome as well as video from other content rich providers (youtube, watchespn, netflix) etc . battery life is as expected so with a fast charger and one portable qualcomm 2 . excellent  . i absolutely love this phone . pure android (no unnecessary bloatware installed by the manufacturer or carrier) 2 . perfect size to read, play, productivity, and phone (i rarely talk on the phone . if you use your phone for voice communication more often, it might too big for you) . the rest is perfect: nice screen, good battery life, nice camera, good bare bones android, snappy processor and a great experience as a whole . nice feeling in hand . screen display clarity is amazing . phone is blazing fast and despite its bulk able to use with one hand thanks to curved back  .   nice phone . i bought this for $350, will definitely recommend this at that price . over all built quality is good and even a better brand that one plus which sells similar configuration phone at the same price tag . it does have some software issues and even the screen size is very big, these are the two big drawbacks for this phone  .   i couldn't find someone to answer me about this phone being able to connect with metropcs but i went ahead and got it anyway, it does work yay  . great battery life . pure android experience  .   i just got the nexus 6 and i love it! every aspect! metropcs users don't be afraid, works perfect with this carrier . everybody there was in love with my phone! an sd card slot would have been perfect  .   what a great deal! a very good price for a phone that still holds it's own spec-wise in comparison with new flagship devices  .   great phone . great great phone to use  . coming from a nexus 4 experience, i was happy with that device and comfortable with android 5 . i love the fact that i could transfer all my apps and many settings, etc immediatley via nfc . i guess the biggest difference i can see between this and the 4 is how quickly downloads, updates and switching between apps is handled . on the 4 i could have several apps running but eventually i'd run into some super slow speed . why 4 stars rather than 5? as much as i like this camera, especially in comparison to the 4's very basic camera, it is slow . slow focus, slow everything . listen, for years i said that my hard drive space isn't important because i always store to the cloud . but in the end it became limiting when unwanted to play around with new apps or listen to podcasts that aren't offered on my preferred streaming options like stitcher and soundcloud . since frabbing this 32 gig model, ive since added about 20 very useful apps that i just didn't have space for on the 4 . why did i skip the 5? honestly? i was happy with the 4 . so what prompted me to move other than the steal of a price point at $349 here on amazon? again, the 4 is starting to experience some weird events and timing out on specific apps . it isnt constant but the intermittent issues are annoying . this is a great buy though . i'm only a week in but i'm in love with it  .   awesome phone and an absolute steal for $350 . i was just about to buy the moto x pure edition 2015, but when i read that the nexus 6 was available for $100 less ($350 vs $450 for the 32 gig models of each) . the specs still hold up with today's flagships, and the fact that it runs pure android will keep it more up to date than most phones that are coming out right now . the nexus 6 is really amazing but i'm really disappointed that there's no earpiece comes with the phone and i think that amazon must mention that in the description of the box continent . the big screen is hot . great phone, worked with verizon out of the box, just put in my sim and it works  .   big upgrade from the galaxy s4 . i'm grandfathered unlimited data on verizon and it works great on their network  .   i love this phone . it has a great screen and wonderful voice recognition . i installed the sim card myself and everything worked without problems . this is my favorite phone  .   had to charge it daily (even with limited use) and it got very hot at nearly every charge & when the phone was used for more than 20 minutes . not worth the price  .   my first real smartphone, great quality, really large phone (slightly larger than a closed nintendo 3ds xl for reference) . (i plan to keep it unless it really freaks out .) phone back gets uncomfortably warm when its charging - 108 degrees . not pleasant to hold . with brightness turned all the way up (not recommended for long periods as it cause slight burn-in of the amoled screen) is also reaches the same 108 degree temp, on front and back . its very slick/slippery as are many smart phones . i think my galaxy s5 is a better (but smaller) phone . with a better camera . other reviews said the nexus 6's camera wasn't as good as the best out there and i have to agree . (not sure) i have large-ish hands (can palm a basketball for a few seconds) so the phone's size isn't a problem  .   the most common complaints about the nexus 6 have been price and battery life . a 64 gb 6 inch “phablet” with an amoled screen and a very fast cpu and graphics processor . still not convinced? compare this to an 16gb 8 inch airpad mini wifi-only tablet clocking in at roughly the same price, which would you choose to take on the road with you? update 10/01: i have had the phone now for a week and i am very pleased with the purchase . beautiful screen . picture quality is very good in all lighting conditions except very dark . hdr+ is flawless on most shots . total cost landed was $426 us or $544 cnd, well under the $727 cnd currently in the google play store  . so, why you might ask, do i only give it 3 stars? well, before you decide to jump and buy nexus 6 phone from google, do yourself a favor and start doing searches on all problems related to cell data connectivity with this phone . it simply sucks! i "upgraded" from my samsung galaxy s3, a great phone i never had any problems with . where i consistently was getting 4g with my s3 and 4 to 5 bars, with my nexus 6 i get 'h' and 2 bars . when i started to scour the internet if there are any issues, i found a ton of articles and complaints from people sharing the same story i have . all in all, if you do not mind frustrations with the cell data transfers, the phone is great, the audio is much better and clearer than my samsung phone . but was it worth the jump? at this point, i am having second thoughts  .   fantastic phone upgraded from nexus 5 to nexu6   .   nexus 5 good phone, nexus 6 ----- awesome and price is fantastic   .   i really like this phone so far . no led notification though  .   anyway its definitely not for everyone but for people with big hands you'll love this phone/tablet  .   worst phone i've ever owned . great solutions like "turn it off turn it back on" or "it's probably your apps cant be the phone" resulted in 6 hours of tech supporting it before getting so disgusted after the third system restore that it's now being returned . the phone has a long history of bugs and defects posted online, i will not be buying another one of these, i see now why tmobile no longer carries them  . great phone and os . sometimes it feels too big, but most of the time it's the perfect size for reading . not usable with one hand . great sound, loud speakers, yes! camera is improved, but still not as good as other brands . great display too  . pros: this phone is pretty superb in terms of build quality clean unskinned android os is competitive with ios on almost every level excellent battery life amazing sound with stereo speakers cons: a bit too large for my everyday use display color saturation honestly hurt my eyes . camera doesn't shoot raw out of the box os sometimes made it difficult to find settings no micro-sd slot no fingerprint sensor android fans will find this phablet well equipped and comfortable, didn't turn out to be my cup of tea coming from an iphone 6, i returned it  .   when i opened undamaged sealed nexus 6 box, item would not power on and back cover blown out of frame . live in desert southwest ." apparently is a problem this phone and an expanding battery  . we're with t-mobile but issues have been happening with every carrier, sprint & t-mobile especially . i have been slowly moving more towards android over ios, but didn’t want to spend another $700-800 on a newer phone . however, there were some things about the oneplus i wanted to improve upon . the good: the phone is extremely fast and smooth . stutters that have plagued other android phones i’ve used are not present on the nexus 6 . the camera is also better than on the oneplus one, but still not as good as the iphone 6 . the other benefits are straight updates from google and no carrier bloat (using on at&t) . and the screen! great looking, big screen . it’s acceptable but worse than the oneplus one . the size…the big screen is great, but i certainly can’t use the phone with one hand . and it’s slippery! i don’t want to add a case since the phone is big enough so i will try some skins on the back . great size that's manageable . overall it’s a great phone and well worth it at the reduced price .   this phone will work with sprint . had no issues  . i added a handful of popular apps and a few games (nothing exotic or complex) . i noticed that the phone had some lag and was not very snappy . even simplistic games had a lot of lag and stutter . i loved my old lg nexus 5 and even turned on encryption and didn't notice big performance differences with kitkat . i was expecting to love my new nexus 6 . perhaps i had a defective nexus 6 or there was a performance bug in 5 . anyhow, i am surprised, disappointed, and have it boxed up ready for return  .   fantastic device, unbeatable price for what you get almost a year after release . great cell phone  .   i do not know of it's the real nexus 6 , hard to find out but i am having issues , not downloading applications , screen touching is sometimes not working  . till now i am disappointed , i will try to go to a tmobile store and see of they can solve what i can't   .   this is one of the best android phones on the market . it has a huge 6 inch gorgeous 2k display with amoled technology . it has crisp, clear, and loud front facing speakers . it has stock android and will be supported for over 3 years . it has a great build quality and right now even the 64gb model is only $399! i know a lot of people might think that the phone is too big on paper, but even after just using it for a few minutes i don't think i could ever go back to another phone . it's easy to type on with the spacious keyboard, video watching is amazing with the big screen and front facing speakers and so is gaming . the camera is also very good as well, if you use hdr+ during low light areas, once you get the hang of it, you can take some really good photos of it . i have zero complaints on this phone . the snapdragon 805 processor with 3gb of ram and stock android make this phone run blazing fast, no hints of lag or even stutters at all . sure you might have a better camera with the galaxy s6, note 5, edge+ but you are also paying double, if not more for those phones vs getting a 64gb nexus 6  .   i like the phone, but just like anything else a new release is on the way after purchase  .   fantastic phone  .   i'm a happy camper . apparently, motorola is fully aware of problem and indicated it was a flaw with the phone . needless to say, don't buy as it has some safety concerns/manufacturer defect  . it slipped from my fingers into the grass, possibly finding the only rock, and cracked the screen . it is already so big that i hadn't put one of the cases around it as well, i did have a basic screen protector though  . just my luck  .   i love this phone . also, i like the feel of stock android much better . this new one is perfect! it has not randomly rebooted at all . i have had this for over a month, so i am know it's good to go . enjoying project fi at the moment  . very, very happy  .   my unit arrived in great shape after charging it right away out of the box the temperature of the phone was too hot . i turned it off 2 hours later while still off it was still hot a would not turn on or if it did you receive a message your device has malfunction with some google error code and would turn off . returned the same day hassle free  .   good phone, but it needs more features like tv remote  .   perfect smartphone . the icons and text look amazingly clear . the camera quality is great as well . i bought the nexus 6 64gb at the original price of 699$ which i now believe was overpriced for it . nexus always has an advantage of getting first updates from google, that is always a plus  .   the first nexus 6 i got had a cracked display . very distracting  . has this fabrication issue been fixed? not sure if i should return or replace  .   positive: * works well on verizon . the nano sim from my verizon iphone 6 works perfectly with this nexus 6 . the product description incorrectly states that it doesn't work on verizon . * gps navigation works well using nokia here maps while offline (on airplane mode while location services is on) . * quick charger works well and is fast . negative: * curved back is comfortable for holding with one hand, but it makes it less stable in car phone carriers . good thing the quick charger works well . you should also get a good vehicle quick charger (e . * android is still not as smooth functioning as ios . this is not nexus 6 specific, but it's still worth noting  .   this is a great phone, though many of my friends and family tease me about its large size . however, it performs like a dream in all functionality . love it  . there are a few issues with android 5 .1 (most notably trying to tweak the priority and interruption settings for notifications), but i love the feel and the size of the nexus 6 . definitely wouldn't regret this purchase  . he loves it! the phone is well made, and the handwriting inputs of foreign languages are fast and accurate  .   well first off i was stupid and bought this when i have verizon wireless and they don't support this phone unless you buy it from the store but i returned it and got it at the store and it's an amazing phone don't be intimated by the big screen you get used to it pretty quickly and it's fast! if you don't have verizon get this phone  .   works great! i was able to give my wife my nexus 5 so we could change carriers and get better service . it was easy to unlock the bootloader and load a custom rom . my only negative is the design for the placement of the power and volume .   i won't go into a bunch of detail about this phone since there are so many reviews already out there, both here on amazon and all over the web, but i will say that this is an excellent phone . i did briefly have a moto g so i got a feel for android from that phone, but it was just too slow (i think the lack of ram was that phone's main problem) so i upgraded to this and it's great . it's fast, takes good photos, doesn't have a bunch of carrier bloatware on it and is a very usable size (though i also think the lumia 1520 is a usable size so take from that what you will) . really haven't had any complaints about it and the quick charge feature is just flat out awesome . i wouldn't hesitate to recommend this phone to anyone . edit: of all the phones i've owned over the years (from stuff like the nokia n73 and n95 to the first iphones, to various windows phones and now a handful of android devices) this is the first one i've ever had a screen crack on . i'm not going to fault the phone for it, but i would just recommend being sure you get a case that offers great protection . my hand and arm twitched (due to a neurological disease i have) and the phone fell on the floor from a height of maybe three feet and the screen is just shattered and is now starting to come apart in tiny, very sharp pieces .   very easy to root! simply unlock the bootloader in the menu, install windows drivers, run cf autoroot, done! i love not having all the bloatware from the cell provider . would be nice to have 60fps camcorder like my old note 3  .   i have a lot of problems with my nexus 6 . i lost conectivity frequently and i have to restart it .   overall good phone . what's worse is that it seems like someone tampered with it .   i looove this phone, huge screen, very fast system and great shape to fit in hands . the system does seem to freeze or crash when i have gmail and chrome open  .   is fast sleek as a great battery runs everything beautifully i love the big screen personally and the camera takes amazing pictures it has so many cool features to like the turbo charge and the ambient display if your pure android lover this is the phone for you . this is an awesome phone . my other phone was a galaxy note 2, which was good or still is but the nexus is far better . the nexus 6 runs very smooth no problems what so ever . great sound, super display, simple to use just do it, and get the nexus 6 . i was a little hesitant to buy such a big phone, as i have heard lots of people complain . but im very glad i did! i don't think i canbgo back to a small phone after enjoyong such a premium product . it fits well in my pocket, that was my nunber one concern . when i whip it out, people are impressed with it's size and vitality . i love the big screen, so much easier to enjoy things on it . we are a culture who looks at their smart phones for several hours a day, might as well delight in the experience and make the view as big and clear as possible; that's what the nexus 6 can do for you . now here is my only negative-ish comment: i like to save money . i took that as "new item, but box has some scuffs and scrapes on it" . i figured that was well worth the $80 i will save, so i bought it . it looked like it had never been touched, and im positive it hasnt been used . but when i flipped the phone over, it had one noticeable scratch om the backing . like someone did a light chop to it with a steak knife, maybe 1/4" in lenght and very thin, but still noticeable . it doesnt look like it was dropped, bc the rest of the back was in pristine condition . and phone works great . but what matters is i saved $80 by getting a new phone with a small scratch on the back . was well worth it  .   i hate it . it's poorly made . the phone is not popular anywhere except in very urban areas and there is no place that sells protection for it nearby, including the at &t store, and they have everything . i truly regret not buying a more popular samsung or apple device when i was shopping . at least you can buy protection for them pretty much any where . overall it has been an awful and expensive learning experience  .   very nice phone . it's a great phone for what it is . but it's too big for me . i was worried it would be too big and those fears were realized . love the large screen, the build quality, the reception, the durability and almost everything about the phone . if i could just get rid of the lag it would be amazing . i moved to the nexus 6 from a nexus 5 and was very disappointed to get this kind of lag . one of the main reasons for getting a nexus device is that the software is clean and you get crisp response . unfortunately that doesn't happen on this device even with the latest software updates  . the only pity is a missing aarch64 cpu  .  disappointed from amazon  .   i love this phone  . it does make one-handed manipulations difficult, even for someone who has larger hands such as myself, but a good keyboard (swiftkey'in my case) with swiping and predictive input, makes it a lot less of an issue! the screen is absolutely gorgeous, crystal clear and sharp! the camera takes very nice pictures, and has no lag or delays to it . i must say, my favorite part of it is the "pure" android experience . there's never any question about whether the issue is due to the rom, os, hardware, other app from the os or manufacturer .   love it, but it's a little too big even though i have large hands  . yes it is big and you will either like that feature or you will not . it fits in my pocket with no problems but i don't wear 'skinny' jeans, people who do might have an issue . the screen is very nice (i like the saturation of oled) and because of the size everything is easy to read . the processor is fast and i haven't really noticed any lagging . this phone is the first nexus device i have owned and i like the fact that i get updates without having to wait for samsung and at&t to add their bloatware . as far as flagship android phones go, if you can live with the size of the phone, this is the best bang for the buck  .   seriously, what do you say, it's a work horse, its a nexus and made by motorola . if you like your motox or motog,e you will like this phone . big screen, i often use this and my blu studio6 as mobile tablet replacements . great taveling device  .   don't know how it compares to other phablets, but compared to the note 4,it sucks! i have very big hands and this thing is still a little too wide,the big screen is nice otherwise, but it might as well be a tablet, where as the note 4 is a lot more easily handable and in my opinion a true phablet . not having a led notification without root is just unacceptable . so far i can't say anything good about this phone other than the large screen  . i have unlimited data due to being grandfathered in and love taking advantage of that fact . i have always envied the nexus line of phones for being both well priced and pure android . i've personally always been a mod/root kind of phone user and if i see something i don't like i want to change it . i also love storing huge flac files for offline music listening . i love amoled and find the newer displays to have a lower angle of viewing . i know at this point there are better cameras out there than what is included with the nex 6 but i didn't by the phone to take amazing photos, i just don't want potato photos . even if you don't root or do anything crazy this phone is still cleaner and has no bloat or ui junk that slows down phones and eats up cpu cycles . coming from the s4 i will miss these features but i think i'm techy enough to be able to replace my own battery down the road if need be . lack of sd card means less storage but i'll just have to switch to hq mp3 or stream which shouldn't be the deciding factor and it wasn't . at angles that weren't perfect 90 degrees to your face there was a very slight darkening on the top or bottom of the display . amoled has no issue like this or at least the nex 6 doesn't at all . other displays show colors brighter and better but for the sake of the extra few screen space it was a welcome sacrifice . i was able to take some very nice photos and got the job done . focus was fast and faster than my s4 so no complaints . only real downside i have is the pink tint the screen gets when the brightness is 'very' low . it was a flaw in the amoled display . the reason why it's present on the nex6 and not other totl amoled screens is they tend to limit the lowest brightness to prevent it from getting to that point . that said the nex 6 can get very very dark and the pink tint gets worse the lower it goes . having the option to look pink and get darker vs not i'd rather have go darker . long story short, i went ahead and ordered it and everything went as smooth as butter .1 or anything so i had to flash it using some tools but after some usual basic issues everything went smoothly and i'm on 5 . i'm sure this review was a little spotty and all over the place but hopefully i covered most concerns . i was having a hard time deciding between this nex 6 and other totl phones but ultimately it came down to being more open to do whatever i want to do with, almost instant android updates vs being dependent on other companies to eventually drop support and updates their device for newer . i'm still able to put the newest version of android on my 2012 nexus 7 and it runs as smooth as butter . any questions feel free to ask! for those who are wondering, yes this does work with verizon . i'm sure verizon stores can activate it with a new sim but for me it worked by using my current sim (even though i had to resize it to fit) .   excellent phone once rooted and install the chroma rom, then you will have great battery life and no heating issues :) http://forum . it's good phone, but poor design . like it,but the hotspot makes the heat so high . really great phone . stock android is buttery smooth and i have had no issues with this phone . the onltly thing i can think in terms of improvements would have been an ir sensor like the g4 has but that's not a make or break feature for me anyway  .   it's a powerful smartphone  .   i love my new phone . i also love how clear the screen is  .   what is not to love  .   i really like this phone . i went from a t-mobile samsung phone filled with bloatware to this pretty cool android . i was concerned that it would be too big but now i don't know if i could go back to a smaller phone . yah, it is like pop-tart sized but that becomes an asset .it is lightning fast with long battery life . i like the camera and find my photos look pretty darned good . i understand that there are notification leds that only work if you root . i do miss having the leds for incoming message notifications but found app workarounds . found a pretty slim case and with a glass screen protector here on amazon that work well  .   love it . great phone! not recommended for hobbits or any type of person with small hands  . it is nice for watching videos with the sound and size of the screen . i went from a pretty big phone (note 2) and i have no intentions of going back to another phone . i use it with the project fi and it seems to have pretty good service in the 2 weeks i have had it . for those of you looking to tinker with solid hardware, fastest google updates and the most developer support i don't need to explain to you this is the phone to get . hardware wise it has some of the best specs around, even for being nearly 7-8 months old at this point there is really nothing out there that rivals it just yet, at least in my opinion . the 6in screen size is intimidating to some people, and i can say for me at the beginning i didn't know if i would like that, it seemed big . i picked up my wifes iphone 6 and was disappointed on how small it was and can't see myself with something that small . even my phone before was the moto x 2014 edition and that seemed small in comparison even though it was only  . the camera takes great pictures, and the software, well is the way android should be, no skins and what every android should have . some complain about battery life and i would like to know what some of them are doing, as i consistently get 3-4 hours screen on time and run through a day from 530am to 1am the next day not needing charging . i know some issues were involved with older version of android but this runs the latest 5 . and for those not afraid to tinker, the dev community is the biggest for the nexus line, and the custom options make this phone to be better than how it ships . i highly recommend this phone, this is the os that google envisioned, and the device to run it, you can't get any better than that  .   i've always loved the nexus line of products, but after almost a month of ownership i'm still on the fence about whether or not it's too big for me . but otherwise it's a fantastic device, aside from some camera firmware bugs  .   i'm not an overly tech savvy guy, so i can't write a decent review . but i can tell you that i wanted this phone for a while and that i couldn't be happier with what i got . there are probably phones with better specs at a slightly higher price point, but i think that the fact that this is google's phone just makes it too good for it's competition . it might be too large for some people, but the huge screen makes it excel when viewing videos, photos or even reading a book . i am just too happy with it to write anything bad  .   excellent and honest sellers . i have tried it twice and yet both times it failed my expectations . the manufacturing qc is poor for this device . the first one i had had a faulty touch screen and the second i had, the sim tray didn't sit flush in the device . size is big yes but it's a phablet .   i loved my nexus 5 and this phone is just a bigger and better version of that . very happy with it  .   yes, this phone is just a bit too big, but it's also exactly the right size . i find reading, taking and viewing pictures and videos, playing games, just about everything i find more enjoyable to do with this phone rather than my previous nexus 5 . even my wife, with much smaller hands, loves it . and even after i downloaded absolutely everything i wanted (except for the entire doctor who series), i still have 32 gb of free space! i definitely recommend the spigen slim armor case, as well; we bought it along with our phones for a decent price here on amazon . it provides very good protection, good access to all ports, and i find the buttons have the perfect pressure balance: not too much pressure is required, but you won't accidentally press it by accidentally touching that side, either  .   took longer to arrive than what i expected but its the us version as they advertise and the price is the best in the market . great phone as you'd expect  . i miss a few features from the moto x, like gestures to open the camera and moto assist for notifications while driving, and suppressed notifications while sleeping . being that this is sort of a super-sized moto x, i was a little disappointed there was no way to access those features either naively, or through the play store . the curved back is a mild annoyance when the phone is resting on a flat surface . i'll try to reply to a text while the phone is on my desk, and its nearly impossible to form a single word using if gesture typing . pressing letters, although effective, will still cause the phone to wobble if it isn't held in place . still though, its a lovely device with a smooth and responsive os . my issues are nothing a can't adjust to  . it hurts my thumb to try to reach across it . great to use sideways for movies or other videos  .   i don't get all the complaints over it being a big phone . that's one of the selling points! surely you wouldn't buy an expensive phone like this without doing some basic research? i knew exactly what i was getting before i ever ordered it . anyway, i love love love my n6 . it's fast and responsive, and the massive screen is just gorgeous . it came with an old developer build from pre-release, and i had some minor issues with it at first after running the necessary system updates (the microphone wouldn't work from google keyboard for some odd reason, and android device manager didn't work properly), but i reset it to factory settings and it's working perfectly now . great phone, highly recommended . my one gripe is that i wish there were an sd card slot, but 64gb is still a good amount of storage  . fast and very well crafted . get some time to get used to not handle with one hand like my old nexus 5 . i would prefer if h's 5 . great phone without having the provider baking useless apps into it . love this phone  .   the price is very reasonable  .   the nice phone ever, for me of course . better than iphone because i hate the apple . no idea how well this product works because i did not even get to turn the device on . there are some serious design flaws when it comes out of the box with the back cover popped open . apparently motorola has not addressed the swelling battery issues with this model . have i mentioned that it was not even turned on? steer clear of this pos . great phone  .   very weak battery . i loved the nexus 5 except for one problem, its battery life was crappy .   great phone, you get used to the size and the screen real estate is nice  .   this motorola nexus-6 pure stock firmware device is the only way to experience google android as it was meant to be . i also like the fact that nexus devices are the first to get the latest firmware updates on a regular basis . a lot of phone worth every penny  . i upgraded to n6 from my note 2 . when you move from 4g lte to any other spectrum the mobile data connection hangs and the only way out is to do a soft reset on the data connection . but after that the hang was so regular to the point that the phone was meaningless . i am back to my old note2 which works flawlessly in the same areas where n6 had connection issues . this experience makes we wonder what is the best phone for an android user . amazon's shipping and return policy was seamless and it was the only good thing to mention in this whole ordeal  .   beware - this phone did not have android os lollipop (5 .4) on it - so i can not connect to google fi, without downloading several system updates - which is taking forever, and not successful at this point . while i am in love with the nexus 6 in theory - i am extremely upset with that this was shipped with kitkat, as i can not use it with google project fi cellular service - yet . update: this phone eventually worked on google fi network - but required 3 system download updates (5 . so: it does work on google fi but you will have to spend about and hour updating the os and installing project fi app  .   this is a great phone and it's a little too big . when i'm on the phone i noticed my hand starts cramping because i have to over extend my hand to keep it from slipping . also the camera is not that great for taking pictures  .   this phone's size seemed like a disadvantage at first, but once i adjusted to it i was able to stretch out and sleep comfortably without my head or feet hanging off the edges . it's a big phone . phone is very well made and thinner than anticipated . screen is excellent and when dimmed gets very dark if using at night without blinding yourself is a priority  .   nice phone  . didn't feel good in the hand . didn't like the material . more like a dull grey . good think google coming out with 2 new phones later this year  .   this phone is big, however it is an amazing phone  .   works great  .   good phone .   there are enough reviews of this phone already out there and on here . these speakers are stunning especially if you are used to cupping your hand behind your phone to watch - and hear - a video! stereo separation even works amazingly well . also oddly, i ordered at 1am tuesday morning (ok, ok, 1am monday night) and it arrived 4pm weds - with the free shipping option! i'm sure it's just warehouse luck + ups luck that i got it so fast, but still   .   that's like wow impressive . just slight warmer color temp so far as i can tell . working with color balance is part of my job so i was worried it would be annoying to picky eyeballs .   love this phone .   the shipping was fast and phone was in very good condition  . but i've loved nexus devices for as long as they've been around and this one is no exception  .   the phone came defective with a broken speaker . many others are having this issue, and motorola will not even acknowledge it, to avoid profit loss i'm getting .   bought phone after an obsessive amount of research, upgrading from a samsung galaxy s4 (gt-i9500) . so it's a tiny bit bigger than that altogether . get out the rulers, because you really need to be ready for a big phone that'll usually make you use two hands . my hands are roughly 7" long from middle finger tip to bottom of palm (i feel strange to mention this, but my review needs reference) and i find this phone just comfortable enough . some people complain about this, i don't . beautiful display . beautiful audio . camera handles far better than s4 and makes colors really pop in hdr+ mode and far less blurry shots (shaky hands) . i felt like an old man who got an old man tv remote with the gigantic numbers . so i did what i felt needed to be done: i modded the hell out of the phone after updating to 5 . among the many things i've done to the phone, i changed the dpi so everything looks all tiny and now the phone practically believes it's a small tablet (you'd need to do your homework to follow what i'm saying here) . running stable and running beautifully . i have no complaints on this purchase . having a dpi so small that it makes the note 4 feel like it's wasting screen space is beyond awesome . especially since i use my phone as a tiny workstation (when i connect my bluetooth keyboard) and use my office apps or any other work related apps . phone fits snugly in my pockets and the round back doesn't create an awkward flat surface within my jeans . i'd recommend this phone for anyone who can handle a big phone  .   unable too connect to at&t lte network . too many at&t users have issues connecting to the lte band . i wouldn't recommend this phone for heavy internet users because the phone only connects to the h+ band and that is pretty slow . the one +one is a better option .   awesome device . very fast and responsive . i keep picking it up and admiring it . you gotta hold this bad boy in your hand to start really feeling the love . not a toy like iphone . camera stinks  .   i am happy with my nexus 6 . having read numerous reviews of nexus 6, everything looked good to me except i was concerned that the camera might not be good enough . i still feel burned by my experience with the camera on my old samsung galaxy s4 and i really did not want to repeat that bad experience . (the s4's camera was totally crap in low light conditions .) i am happy to report that the camera on nexus 6 is fairly good, even in low light conditions . i am very happy with it . i also considered these models, because reviews said they have excellent cameras: i didn't buy samsung galaxy note 4 (or samsung galaxy s6) because samsung (and / or t-mobile) are known for infrequent upgrades of the android os . i didn't buy lg g4 because "lg has stated that they will never support unlocking the bootloader" (https://www . i had one issued from work and my bear paws of hands it was hard to text and email . i switched to am opo and loved it . so far im loving the phone  .   after having this phone for 5 days when i would receive an incoming call the phone would ring but you were unable to answer it because the call never appeared on the screen, even if the phone was locked . if you google nexus 6 receiving call problems you will see a lot of info about this trouble . it is a large phone but an excellent one . i bought a 64gb for myself and we both agree it they are great phones . the sale price was the deciding factor and its ships free with prime .   excellent, everything is ok, the phone is big but is ok . it is was a little bigger and heavier than i expected but still fits in my shirt pocket (barely) . you definably want to get a protective case for this . the screen is big, bright, clear with sharp colors . i'm totally spoiled now . the processor and memory are fast and responsive . multi-tasks like crazy . the 64gb option is the smart way to go, since there is no sd expansion slot . this is the harley davidson of smart phones .org) apps to get the full benefit out of this thing  .   best android ever  . we love the nexus 5 and nexus 6  .   this phone exceeded all my expectations . if you could afford it, definitely get this .   great phone at 500 . a little big for my taste but the screen is amazing . best android phone  . decent phone as i came from a nexus 5 . the size is a little overwhelming with a case on it . nexus software of course is fast but the only thing i did not like about this phone was the camera .   this phone is my favorite phone, period! i don't mind give up my sd card slot and external battery access for a nexus device . this phone does have support for all four major carriers . which is sort of lame and very stupid on sprint part . now if you're planning on using it on verizon, and have a current verizon nano sim android phone; then it should work perfectly fine . i will say that i've had one of the best experiences on both networks, but if you get it out of the box without lollipop 5 . unfortunately at&t has control over when you get that update . unfortunately at&t doesn't have that feature turned on yet, so when you're in a call it switches over to hsdpa+ . which sucks , the speeds are slow and coverage isn't as go as at&t lte . but if you're very fortunate to own a nexus device, or have the money to own a nexus device . consider yourself lucky  . i am a tech junky and was looking for a reason to pick one up . i have owned small to large devices . if you have small hands you probably will want to find a smaller device like the moto x 2014 . i am very pleased with the nex6 . the sound quality is amazing with its front facing speakers . it's not great but it will do the trick in a well lit area . the processing speed is excellent and have not noticed any lag to speak of . call quality is very clear and sound is on point . i didn't run into any of the issues i have read about such as speaker issues . pro's call quality front facing speakers sound great screen is amazing build quality feels premium and sturdy no lag when playing games or multi tasking wifi connection is strong updates to latest os before others cons price is kind of high when compared to other flagship devices . camera in low light size could be considered a con for some but then again you should expect a big phone based on specs . i have found it difficult to find a tempered glass protector due to the curved glass on the edges . wrap up this is a very well built device .   i have network connectivity issue  . to say i love this phone is an understatement . also, because of my creative background, i have been an apple user since i bought my first mac in 1992 . i ditched my iphone about 4 years ago after seeing how flexible, fast and powerful the android operating system was . the only thing that annoyed me was all the crap software that at&t and companies like samsung add over the top of an already functional android operating system . before i get into this phone's features, the biggest one, for me, is what it doesn't have  .  all the junk bloatware from at&t and samsung! performance: i can't say enough about how fast and responsive this phone is . going from a samsung galaxy device to the nexus 6, i feel like i just upgraded to 5 series bmw after driving what i thought was a luxury vehicle . it's fast but efficient . the combination of not having all those battery sucking at&t and samsung apps, and the 3250 mah battery (which is big) combines to give this phone great "battery mileage . also, it appears to be engineered really well as there are small things that are done right . when you turn on songza or any other streaming music app, the sound coming out of the phone, itself, is really good and fairly loud . it charges insanely fast too . it almost feels like a solid piece of metal and the curved back make this large phone feel smaller . camera: this was my one hesitation before i pulled the trigger on this phone and i'm glad i bought it . my wife has a galaxy s6 and while the megapixel rating of the nexus 6 camera may be lower, i don't think i will miss it . there comes a point where it's overkill and those extra pixels aren't doing anything for you . it focuses quickly, and, even more importantly, is phenomenal at "metering" (adjusting the lighting) based on what you're shooting . i bought this phone like everyone else .) again, i love this phone . it's stupid-fast, the camera and battery are awesome, it's ridiculously well built and i'll never have to be concerned about what garbage my carrier put on my phone from the factory .   big phone, no one-hand operation available . great screen  .   i went from note 4 to this phone and love it, nothing beats stock android in terms of user experience . my only real gripe about this phone is the battery life . for such a large phone, it should have a better battery life than it does; the note 4 certainly sets the standard in that regard . also, some chargers/usb cables will not work work with this phone; you will see the charging icon on the top right, but your phone will not actually charge! this was the case when using my note 4 charger, but i haven't had any issues using the quick charger than came with the nexus 6  .   works great delivered on time  .   very nice easy to use . excelent, is a huge phone but very confortable, nice screen and fast .   overall performance is very good  .   actually it was greet but until now i face problem with battery it's so week . the phone should have been my favorite phone of the year if it does not have some problems from the top speaker . i have done like 4 replacements, either it is on google store or amazon, all of them have the same issue . the top speaker makes some crackling/popping sound every time i touch the screen (i already disable the touching sound) . then i realize that all the phone was defective and many people have the same problem like me, it is just that you guys dont really care about it or havent noticed it yet . 2 stars since i still like it, but the problem annoys me more than that  .   until now its working very good, one problem is the screen size is really big  .   this is my first android phone and i like it . it is fast, and big- which i like being an old timer it is easier to read and also i don't fat finger as much typing . might not be the best phone for everyone, because it is big, but it fits my paws just fine and no problem in my pocket  . excellent wish it had direct connect  .   great phone so far, size is a bit much, but if you treat it more as a small tablet, it's incredible . great for internet and games, picture quality is far improved from the nexus 5  .   excellent phone . i use verizon - i had no problem getting the phone activated . that person has obviously been infected with a mind phage which has destroyed his honesty, motivation, and initiative gene . if you use google apps - (mail, cloud drive, calendar etc . my cat found the nexus 6 phone to be an excellent item to sleep on . i'm not too sure why though - it seems like it would be somewhat uncomfortable, however i guess i cannot speak for my cat - who doesn't really care what i think . anyway, back to the nexus 6 phone - it has other things that are like little pictures on the screen . if you touch them you may win some candy . if you do not win candy you may be asked to input some form of information . there are other things you can do with this phone - like listen to music, watch tv on it  .  who watches a movie on their phone? like who does that? it will kill the battery in about 40 min - and the display is so small it is impossible to see what is going on . there are other things and stuff you can do as well but meh  .   nexus 6 is the best android cell phone i've ever used . i like it . my only complaint is the cases available for it are very plastic-y  .   absolutely loving this phone . great device  . after a few months i really missed the nexus experience, so i sold the htc and got this nexus 6 . this is the best phone that i've ever had and would be real close to perfect if the battery just lasted longer . it usually makes it through the day, but i would like to see a couple of days of use with a battery as large as the one on this phone  .   great phone . love the size and speed . delivered promptly and safely  .   absolutely great phone . some may not like the size of the huge screen but i personally love it . display is great, battery life is pretty good (not the best, but not terrible) and the performance is quick and snappy . the only problem i have with it is that the screen gets this weird pinkish hue at lower brightness levels . also, the phone comes with encryption enabled but unfortunately does not use hardware to do it . so, while the phone does perform well it doesn't perform to its maximum capability due to the extra strain on the processor from the encryption . otherwise though, a great device that i would definitely recommend to those who aren't scared off by a bigger screen  .   how can you go wrong with a nexus device? clean interface, no carrier or manufacturer crapware . battery life was better then my note 3 .   after having several android devices (nexus 4-5, htc m7, oneplus one, motorola x 2013), i found the nexus 6 to be quiet boring and it stutters a lot with lollipop running at 5 . even with the beast guts it feels laggy compared to other devices . i am a verizon customer, and was able to take my existing activated nano sim from previous phone and drop it into the nexus 6, the phone activated instantly with full 4g lte functionality . absolutely love the phone . if the size doesn't bother you ( which, why would you be here if it did), and you must have the vanilla android experience, complete with oem bootloader unlock .   pretty good, only complaint are position of the volume buttons and occasional overheating . it is also a nuisance if you need to clamp the device using a vehicle windshield mount . last thing is the curved back although aesthetically pleasing prevents interactions with the device lying flat on the table . using the key pad this way is cumbersome and error prone . this also leads to instability when mounted using those conventionally designed windshield mounts  .   phone arrived early, as described, brand-new, and in perfect working order . works brilliantly . i'm happy with the purchase and got a really great deal  .   love it  .  so much better than my iphone  .   premium feel and hasty updates  .   i'll have a difficult time ever returning to a smaller display after using this device  .   another quality product futon motorola paired with the google pure android experience . the only drawback i've good is limited accessories  .   actually a great tablet  .   nice smart phone and great os but the voice recognition is weak . edit: now that i have my real nexus 6 from google i can say that what i got from this order was actually nothing like it at all . it comes with a lot of apps and app folders that cannot be removed from the desktop and i'm not even sure if it will work with my t-mobile sim card . frankly i didn't try too hard given how ugly and inflexible the interface was - and who knows how much spyware might be on it . i only bought through amazon instead of google directly because i wanted prime shipping, well now i have to send it back and then order from google, so, fail  .   i was using a samsung siii and compared to the power and how long the batteries lasts its better in every way  .   if your into pure android then this is the phone to get i just love it its the best android phone i have used so far, must say battery life is weak but supper charge feature makes up for it . pros: great camera, bought it right before vacation in hawaii, love the quality of the photos i took fantastic large screen, awesome for video apps and watching movies plenty of storage solid manufacturing, feels nice and bulky like the size suggests battery charge is awesome, (compared to iphone) can go an entire day off full charge and not worry about having to charge games run smooth, downloaded a few high hardware requiring games and they run smooth cons: can take awhile to get used to the size can't get 4g after talking to at&t because i didn't buy it through them front facing camera is lacking take the size into account, doesn't fit easily into pockets default messaging app is garbage, can't send mms, had to hit the app store for a better one (it came with ads), imessage is better sometimes crashes long load up (but if you keep it charged it's not an issue) pricey, not sure if it's worth the pricetag buying it without an upgrade all in all i'm pretty happy with it after switching from apple . if you have the money i'd say it's worth it, but i feel you're really paying for the size . i love having video on my phone . the processor is incredibly fast, and the user interface is great . i was a little nervous about using a device with native android software, but it actually seems to work better than the loaded down versions that you get with other brands . one of the best features of this unlocked phone is that it will work on any network, cdma or gsm . i am so glad to have this phone and wonder how i tolerated previous phones with all the bloat ware that they all have embedded  .   there is much to love about the nexus 6 . the screen, though a little "warmer" than i prefer, is exceptionally sharp and readable, even in direct daylight . it's flat out fast, performing without lag under most circumstances ." if you want a comprehensive, unbiased review, check out any of the major phone review sites like gsmarena or phonearena . even when sitting idle, i would often see the battery drain 5% in a half-hour . under "normal" use, (screen off, listening to music), the battery drained far too quickly, often 10% an hour . if i checked the battery drain page in the settings app, i would not see high drain numbers for anything but the screen, which was rarely on . it was not unusual to require a forced reboot to get the phone to come back to life after particularly memory intensive process . i suspect a memory leak of some kind, but can't narrow it down . the camera is fine for daylight shooting, but is simply not "flagship" quality . in low light situations it was often hunting for focus and the resulting images (even with hdr+) were too grainy as to be usable .   if you have small hands, think twice . it was virtually impossible for me to comfortably handle this phone without using two hands . in short, i "wanted" to love this phone, but in the end it simply did not work for me . i've become spoiled by the ease of lgs back-of-phone buttons, a weird placement that took me time to adjust to at first but have now become so comfortable i find myself pressing the back of the phone by instinct no matter which phone i pick up .   at a reduced price, and as long as you are ready for the huge screen, unwieldy ergonomics, and less-than-flagship camera, it is a solid phone . pros: solid screen solid performance huge memory stock android cons: less-than-flagship camera android 5 .1 still requires too-frequent reboots screen is very large (caveat emptor) battery life is not worth the price of entry lack of expansion slots, lack of removable battery . camera terrible  .  cant see phone well in sunlight  .  too pricey for too many minor problems  .  otherwise 6 inches is nice but really heavy awkward phone and since its curved it rotates on table will not lay flat . the nexus 6 is an amazing smartphone . the display is big, bright and crisp . the cameras take flawless pictures and video . the processor makes android lollipop scream and with 64 gb of onboard storage, i'm never at a loss for space for music, photos and whatnot . there's just one caveat: that gorgeous display comes at a price . so big that i find myself reverting back to my nexus 5 unless i know i'm going to need to take great pictures or need the use of an all day battery . but now that the price has come down, it was worth it to buy one . and i got it in white! bonus  . screen is bright and clear . i'm running on t-mobile and have wifi calling capability  .   great phone - amazing screen . super fast . pure android . love everything but its just a little too big . it does not fit well in my pocket where i usually carry my phone . no other complaints  .   couldn't ask for a better android phone  .   just got it around 1 week, it droped from my car (around 40cm), and got broken screen/glass . my htc and iphone 6+ which also have big screen, they came aross simliar situations, but no problem at all . everything is great other than i am used to the samsung experience (minus the bloatware) . i do not have anything negative to say for someone that likes the google-branded android experience  .4 inches, not 6! i've had it for 5 days and so far it's the best phone i've had . no stutters, or lag anywhere so far, but this usually takes time as you add more apps and more stuff starts to run in the background . not all of my apps were automatically reinstalled from google, which is odd since it worked on all the previous phones . at the same time this gives me a fresh start so it's not a big deal . it's definitely the right size for me . i will say that i like pants with good size pockets though . just for reference, i have a note 3 for work and i can keep both the note 3 and the n6 in one front pocket . for work i usually wear banana republic chinos . i thought the colors might be a bit over-saturated, but they're very well balanced . i don't think quite as good as the m8/m9, but significantly better than everything else out there, although i haven't heard the sony z3 yet and i've read a lot of good things about it as well . it's a big step up from the camera in my xperia z, in particular with the auto settings . but that was the best way to shoot with the z, the auto always used a really high iso setting which always made noisy images . no issues with noise yet with a few pics i've taken . the auto settings handle back lighting much better than the z and better than the note 3 camera . so as the network re-farm continues i'll eventually get better building coverage . but recently i pretty consistently use less than 3 gb/month and some months were only 1 gb .   coming from an aging nexus 4 i expected a pretty dramatic upgrade . however what i received was a phone with the worse display( the screen is tinted orange, invisible in daylight, and just dingy and not bright .) but its faster right? well slightly . despite having significantly better hardware software encryption hobbles it tremendously . additionally the bluetooth is very poor and the music cuts out constantly . the battery life is slightly better than the nexus 4 with an old worn out battery . that makes me a little nervous but the battery will be completely unacceptable within a year . i love this thing . this is a problem because the xt1100 cannot use 3g or lte on my carrier (consumer cellular, which piggybacks on the at&t network) or on virtually any other us cellular carrier . i use amazon all the time for all kinds of things, but in this case i would recommend that you avoid purchasing a nexus 6 through amazon unless it is clear exactly which model you're going to receive . you are supposed to get an xt1103 when you buy the phone on this product page - note that in the technical details section on the product page it specifically has "00630nartl" as the item model number, which is the us-compatible xt1103, so if you get an xt1100 (model sm4034aw4n3) you are getting the wrong phone . i am suspicious that deltamobiles is purposely sending people the wrong phone . long version: ---------------------------- i love this phone . i love the huge, bright screen, the camera is pretty nice, the phone is fast, and lte is awesome . it means faster downloading, web browsing, etc . and is one of the major benefits of upgrading to a new phone if your current phone is not lte-capable . my wife was jealous of my new, giant, beautiful phone, which is understandable since i intentionally showed it off to her all the time and often suggested the inferiority of her old iphone (which was a hand-me-down from when i made my previous iphone upgrade) . so for our anniversary, i bought her a nexus 6 as well (purchased on june 16th, 2015 - a little over a month from when i bought mine) . everything in the setup went normally just like it had with my phone, but when i disabled the wi-fi to test the data network, i noticed that her phone was not connecting to lte (or 3g for that matter) ., it has a very different setup in terms of compatible cellular networks and will not use us 3g or lte . note that the xt1100 will still work for making calls and using basic cellular data (gsm), but you will not be able to access 3g or lte . i was pretty certain that i had bought my wife's nexus 6 from the exact same product page on amazon from which i had purchased my own, so i went back into my order history to verify this . this situation is pretty frustrating because nobody buying this phone to use it in the us would likely choose the international model instead of the us model since the international model will not perform as well on us networks, so i don't know why they are sending the xt1100 to us customers . because the seller (deltamobiles) covered the sm4034aw4n3 model number on the box with a separate tag (see the photo attached to this review) i became a little suspicious that they are intentionally sending people the wrong phone because many people may not know that the xm1100 is the wrong phone . after all, it is a genuine nexus 6, it will place phone calls in the us, and it will be able to use cellular data, so many people may start using it and never realize (or only realize too late) that they've gotten the wrong phone that can't use the much faster 3g and 4g data networks . if it is possible for a seller to make a little more money by sending the xt1100 to customers in the us than by sending them the correct xm1103, i bet this would explain why deltamobiles is sending out the wrong phone . for your reference, these are the compatible networks for the two versions of the phone: xt1103 (model 00630nartl) : gsm: 850/900/1800/1900 mhz cdma band class: 0/1/10 wcdma bands: 1/2/4/5/8 lte bands: 2/3/4/5/7/12/13/17/25/26/29/41 ca dl bands: b2-b13, b2-b17, b2-29, b4-b5, b4-b13, b4-b17, b4-b29 xt1100 (model sm4034aw4n3) gsm: 850/900/1800/1900 mhz wcdma bands: 1/2/4/5/6/8/9/19 lte bands: 1/3/5/7/8/9/19/20/28/41 ca dl bands: b3-b5, b3-b8 and if you put the search term "list of lte networks" into google, you can go to a wikipedia page that will show you all of the individual networks and what bands they use for lte  .   i love this phone . big bright clear screen . fast processor . very happy so far  .   so i really love this phone, the feel, the screen, the system, everything about it basiclly . the only i really don't love is the size . however the one real issue i had with the phone is the software it shipped with is build lnx07m which a developers build and not a production build . however since it was a nexus this was a fairly painless process and once it was over i really got back to enjoying the phone . amazing phone, almost perfect  .   this is the best phone in the world, you will always get the newest android release since this is google branded device, is actually a hi end device, it works smoothly and flawless, pretty nice feature the fast charger, i never get out of juice when i'm out, i just need to connect my device for a few minutes and is ready to carry a few more hours . ii is one of the best choice i've made in recent memory . static all over the place . probably ok if you are alone at home, but i was in a grocery store and had issues understanding what i was told . yellow is the new white! i had heard about amoled screen being overly warm, but this is just wrong  . the screen is also too big to my taste but still usable . and it's clearly not worth the 580 i paid for . but i need a new phone and other flagships are just way more expensive so  .   i ordered a replacement because of the sound issue anyway . i hope the screen will be better  .   i love the freedom of unlocked phones when combined specially with t-mobile . the nexus 6 is hard to beat and for the current price is even a better bargain . doesn't have all the bloatware of carrier phones and the software updates come directly from google with not much waiting like you would have to from the carrier software testing . the phone performs almost to the level of a note 4 but again the nexus 6 is clean android without having to root it like a note 4 would have to be  .   works like a dream . big screen . big battery . big sound . what's not to love? works with verizon and gsms as well  .   phone is perfect  .   i love it . pure android and it is project fi enabled now . good bye verizon, hello to cheap phone bill  .   thank you so much for the brand new phone . update: two weeks later i'm happy i bought the phone . it is large for one hand, but i'm still happy i purchased it  .   great phone, i was skeptical about the size, but after a week you get use to it, and i am not going back to a smaller phone, watching videos and browsing internet is fantastic for a mobile device . if you want a good motorola phone, this is the best phone to get  .   best android phone i've ever had . big screen easy to read easy to use . no bloatware absolutely love it  . perfect so far, no complaints here  .   decent phone, fast and good screen . the cons are: * too huge . * buttons in the middle make it really awkward to use it as a gps nav in a car - since most cradles hold the phone by the sides, so they tend to cover those buttons or even worse - constantly press them on every bump .  this nexus 6 is by far the best phone i've ever used! stock android is so beautiful & easy to navigate! the screen is big & coming from a samsung galaxy s5, i thought might be too big  .  but it's not! it feels perfect in my hands & that curved back makes holding this phone excellent! the software combined with the hardware makes this phone function so smoothly without any glitches & apps just fly open & close fast too! i'm a light to medium user & i'm getting 2 full days (easily) from this battery! actually, when i went to bed last night, it was the 3rd full day without a charge & phone was still on 24% when i plugged it in! motorola/google nailed this phone in my opinion  .  i do not miss apple products whatsoever  .  i still love it with one caveat  . (i think this is ridiculous as all the phones are manufactured by motorola for google nexus  .  how can they pick & choose which phones are updated?) so i've missed out on lollipop 5 .  i know i can download & install the factory images, but i just don't feel comfortable doing it & it's somewhat confusing to me, plus i was warned it could cause issues too  .   amazing  . i liked this device . it isn't that big as i thought  . phone itself is big but thats what i wanted . i dont hold this to my head as a phone very often but it can feel silly when i talking on it since its so large . charger makes an awful whine when done charging . wifi tethering doesnt work like it did for my nexus 4, but maybe the difference is tmobile vs verizon . i would buy this phone again, but it is not as amazing as i thought it would be . screen size is nice, but in terms of performance its a disappointing upgrade over iphone 4s considering how much it cost even though i prefer android . i am using this with my grandfathered unlimited data plan . note on activation: this was not easy to get working on verizon but it does work as of april, 2015 . first verizon store i went to in the mall refused to help me since the imei number was not in the database . if i sign into my verizon website it shows im using and unknown device, but it works fine  .   nice and goooood . i love my nexus 6 . i love the white back it just stands out way way more then the standard blue that everyone else gets from their carrier . super fast, amazing screen (not so great in sunlight sadly), two day battery life for me (a medium user), and all the apps i need for both work and play  .   this works with verizon, you just have to move your sim from old phone to new phone . i know it sounds crazy, but it works as long as you don't cut it too small . i took the sim from my s4, cut it down with an exact knife, then put it into this and it works fine . i still have full unlimited data and lte/calls/text all work great  .   fast, nice screen, charges quickly, battery last a lot at least more than my nexus 5, sometimes i feels is so big but so far this is a good piece of hardware .   larger size basically makes my tablet obsolete, overall fast, about ~8hr screen on time and the display is bright enough to be used outside . only downside is the display . as a user of a calibrated wide gamut lcd display i know what proper colors should look like and this display is horribly off . an example, 255 red 0 green 0 blue looks more like a dark blood orange than red .   have used it for 2 months now, best android phone i have ever used . pros: 1) good battery backup 2) display 3) speed cons: 1) does not connect to wifi hotspot . same android version works correctly in my old nexus 5 phone . works correctly with usual wifi, but not wifi hotspot . 2) little bulkier to use with 1 hand  .   the best experience with raw google lollipop . never will i return to the touchwiz interface that samsung spoils android with . could be a hair better, but still an improvement over my old phone and above par of most current phones . overall, i think this phone is the best complete package . it might not have ground breaking individual specs and all the useless features, but it provides the best overall experience  .   big screen and fast, but camera is not as good . very solid phone . arrived in good condition . phone works well  . the gps was inaccurate at times . the vendor was great to work with, the problem is with the phone hardware and native software . i hope your experience is better than ours  . it was also big and heavy . i'm using a note edge now, which feels much lighter and holds a charge all day . after 2 days using this thing, pick up a "normal" sized phone, like an iphone 5 . you'll wonder how people use such a dinky device to get things done . the nexus 6 is top notch . android lollipop is beautiful, fast and clean . you don't have to wait for carrier updates, you won't get bloatware or overlays, this is pure android . i also like that the colors really pop on the screen . you won't realize how good the dual front facing speakers really are until you watch netflix or listen to spotify on this . that is perfectly acceptable . the camera is good, not the best out there, but you'll be able to snap great pictures (and 4k video!) with this . i guess my only small gripe is the screen could be a bit brighter . i like my screens to be blindingly bright, and although this is very bright, there are phones available that are a little brighter . with its high end specs and stock android, i think this phone is absolutely worth the price tag . no problems there, either . it was a great phone . not a good thing . then, it just cannot be turned off without having to hard reset the thing to be able to use it again . do not buy this phone! on top of it, motorola's customer service is horrible! basically, if you have a problem, they're nice to you, but cannot help you .   google nexus 6 is the best phone on the market! no bloatware, not tied to carrier updates, and it's all google branding . smooth as silk navigation, great transitions, powerful processor, and plenty of ram .   third replacement and still came scratched out of the box . packaging was awful  .   excellent mobile but it's little big, accepted . great phone  .   not a good quality product, crashes all the time . bit very beautiful fone  .   it is the phone which is worth to be got  .   i like it very much  . i come from nokia 800c, the nexus 6 is so big and it is hard to make phone call using one hand  .   great phone  .   very good phone and fast delivery  .   best phone ever . google does it right  .   works great  .   had no issue getting verizon to get the sim issue resolved  .   i love it, i' m fan of the nexus devices, since the galaxy nexus . this for me is the best phone in the market made for one is the best brands as motorola  .   i had the nexus 5 for over a year and it was the best smartphone i've ever had . fast, pure android-driven and my only complain was the camera that didn't work too well at night . i was anxious to get my hands on the following nexus 6, but couldn't find anywhere other amazon or google play store itself . too big to carry on your pocket and too big to type with one hand only . despite all the upgrades from nexus 5 (which are really good), it's size really bothers me and after 1 month using it i still regret it . specially if you consider that it's price is comparable to other fantastic android phones out there that still fit in your hands and pockets . if you are looking for a nexus 6, i highly recommend you go to the nearest store and see it for yourself first  .   great price and fast delivery . after having the nexus 6 for about a month i am really happy with the quality and features  .   i hated my at&t branded samsung galaxy s4 . so far i love the nexus 6 . i was worried about the size, this is a big phone . it fits into my pocket just fine and the bigger screen is great for ebooks and graphic novels . possibly interesting to some people .   i love this phone! i decided to buy unlocked in case i decide to travel overseas, i can buy a prepaid sim and have a phone basically anywhere . coming from a galaxy s4, it's taken me a little while to get used to stock android, but it's nice not having to wait for a carrier or a manufacturer to approve their own modifications to the os before pushing them to the handset . as a precautionary note, however, it was a real pain for me to get this activated with verizon . if you don't already have a nano sim card through them, you'll probably have to either go through best buy, or get in touch with verizon's it department (not customer service) to get your number transferred to a compatible sim . it will work on their network, despite what they try to tell you . i ended up having to pay an extra $20 for the sim, but my phone works perfectly ever since .   good phone  .   bad service . for all those who complain that the size is too big, for me it fits comfortable in my hands . love the keyboard and how fast it is . but believe me, it's just right  . i previously had a nexus 4 and after that an iphone 6 but i missed the versatility of android so i started looking at a replacement for the iphone 6 . i know the first thought on most of your minds is wow that phone is just too big . well i can tell you now that its not as bad as you think . motorola has done some intelligent things with the physical design to make the phone easier to hold such as having a curved back and small lips on the edges for grip . the best thing to do would be to go into a phone store and hold it for yourself but i can tell you that it's a lot more manageable than i previously thought before i owned one . i love it and i'm about to tell you why . screen : so obviously the screen is big but how does it look ?unfortunately this is one area where the phone could use some slight refinement . now don't get me wrong the screen looks really good it's extremely sharp and the colors really pop . but the display has a slightly warm bias and color accuracy is better on other displays such as the iphone and the galaxy note series and its especially noticeable on plain white backgrounds because they end up being slightly grey or cream colored . is it a deal breaker ? absolutely not and i am confident you can get used to it because i did after only a few days . it's important to keep in mind as well that this is all preference some people do prefer warm biased displays which are arguably better for content like games and movies . i would have to say as well that this display is not particularly bright and may be difficult to see outside for most people except on its highest brightness settings . text is as sharp as you'd ever need it to be and i guarantee you aren't seeing any individual pixels on this display unless you smash your face against it . all those pixels contribute to faster battery drain than phones with 1080p displays and graphics performance would be slightly better if the gpu didn't have to push all those pixels . overall it is a very nice display but i think it could have gotten by with a 1080p display without most people being any the wiser . performance: this phone is simply one of the fastest you can get but with the snapdragon 805 inside you wouldn't expect anything less . everything is extremely fast from opening apps to web browsing and its also partly to do with stock android as well . apps almost always open instantly and menu navigation is very smooth . i do get the occational stutters and glitches while exiting or moving between apps but these cases were few and far between and i mostly attribute that to android 5 still being somewhat new because this isnt the only lollipop device that seems to have that problem . gaming is one area this phone really shines as well giving you very good frame rates across the board . battery life is good but it could be better . i have no trouble making it through the whole day with the brightness at 60-70% with moderate to heavy use . usually i end the day close to 50% left so it definitely will get you through a day and maybe a half but phones like the note 4 and iphone 6 plus can beat it in this category . the good news is that the charger included with the phone is extremely fast . i have been able to get 40% battery from only 25 minutes of charging so that may help alleviate the good but not great battery endurance . there's no 64 bit architecture here and some phones already have lpddr4 ram in them but if you're worried about the longevity of this phone don't be because it has some very future proof specs . and while battery life isn't the best it definitely competes well with other premium phones . software: so chances are if the giant screen wasn't your main interest in this phone then stock android was and for good reason too .1 is the current version as of this writing and google has fixed some of the bugs that plagued 5 .0 so stability has improved noticeably . i have to say honestly that lollipop is by far the fastest mobile os i have ever used and aesthetically its appealing too . menu navigation is easier than ever and it just feels more cohesive than other versions of android . menus and notifications always come from somewhere now rather than just appearing or disappearing and its especially noticeable with the drop down menu where you access things like setting and wifi or bluetooth switches . the only downside to lollipop is that not all apps are compatible . i had trouble getting many older apps to even open at all but newer apps or apps from bigger budget devs should already be up to date and work just fine . but for some people using old and/or obscure apps, this may be a big problem or even a deal breaker . in conclusion if you want a stock android experience that's always up to date with the latest version and performs very well with the exception of some older or not as popular apps not opening, then this is a great choice . what its best at: the name of the game here is media consumption . movies, games, books, youtube, web browsing and photo viewing all benefit from the extra screen size as well as productivity apps . the slightly warm screen color bias actually really looks great with movies and gaming especially, with colors really looking outstanding . this phone really is great for gaming especially . i never felt like the controls of any game i played were cramped at all like other phones and emulators work great . it makes playing games like worms 2 armageddon especially easier to play and see what's going on onscreen due to the characters being so tiny depending on how zoomed in the screen is . books as you can imagine are a great fit for the screen as its almost the size of a small book . its one of the only phones i've ever enjoyed reading on due to the size . you can even get away with loading desktop versions of web sites but even mobile sites really benefits from the large display as well . this phone is great for power users as well because its essentially a blank canvas for custom roms and without much bloatware, performance will stay consistently high for the whole time you'll own the phone . the only downsides for power users would be the lack of expandable storage and user replaceable battery which may be a deal breaker for some . conclusion: all in all this phone really is outstanding if a little rough around the edges . its big but manageable, it has great performance, good battery life, is exceptional for media consumption and while a little less refined than offerings from apple or samsung it excells in a way that no other phone has before . its a pure android powerhouse that's half tablet and half phone . i think i might even say that overall this is my favorite phone i've ever owned .   great customer service, respond very quickly . at first i thought the phone was not working but i get it to work now and it is amazing . it was a gift for my dad and he loves it  .   this has been a great phone from day one . initially i was little skeptical about the features available in this model when compared to my htc one m7, but it took only a few hours to fiddle around with the stock lollipop os and soon i was very comfortable with what the phone had to offer . many people have stated the size of the phone as being a big concern, but this has bothered me the least . the phone feels really great while holding it and i do manage some one hand operations (though some need you to use two hands) in most daily use situations .9 inch qhd display is a big plus to the phone and viewing videos or photos is a charm! the battery life comes to a day of moderate usage even with the 5 .1 update and i have no problem whatsoever with the performance this phone delivers, it is fluid and seamless across all the applications . didn't like the stock android launcher on the phone and i now use nova launcher to add more customization on the phone (one of the things i hated with the google now launcher was the white color app drawer) . the camera on the phone takes some time to focus and is not always accurate in low light . i am still looking for an app which can improve the camera to focus better and quicker . overall, really pleased with the ownership of this device for over a month now and would recommend for anyone looking to enjoy the stock android experience without all that bloatware from manufacturers  . a big phone  .   i love the clean android without all the unwanted apps  .   did i say this phone is big  . the cell is excellent, works better than i expected   .   excellent device . the size may be a little problem for some users . even though the device is fully compatible with verizon's network, verizon wireless wouldn't activate  .   pros: nexus devices get the latest and greatest android, untouched as google intended it . camera is among the best in class for smartphones . cons: while it may be compact for a 6" screen device, it's still big and heavy . oled screen is great, but this is not the latest gen oled screen like samsung puts on the s6 . qualcomm 805 cpu is built on 28nm tech, while state of the art is 14nm like in the galaxy s6 no fingerprint reader/login/security summary: it's the best android phone because the software comes from google without 3rd parties messing with it, but the hardware is not currently (5/2015) state of the art  .   love this phone, finally a phone you can root and get early os updates on verizon . fast, great screen, ok camera, ok battery life . great phone, worth the investment . fast, speedy phone . great upgrade of my my galaxy note 2  .   fantastic phone, i'd never go back to another one . i like everything about this phone regardless size or battery life . one - it is surely not a budget phone, why they don't provide a headphone? two - screen color is amazing but when it dims to the lower, it seems to turn into red-ish . overall i love it  .   it is the international version xt1100, great device from a good seller . thank you . thought it would be too large at first, but its just right size . the phone is working perfectly  .   bit of background - although i'm partial to android i can appreciate the advantages of both apple and nexus product . i like this phone but it doesn't 'wow' me . the phone screen is big and that's good but any bigger and i would've gotten something else . the reason i really had to knock off 2 stars is 'cause of bluetooth issues . i started having issues from the get go after i got the 5 . third party apps can't be the culprit as i had the issue before installing any apps . the issues are related to signal strength and range . i've connected the same headset to multiple phone/tablet and the issues only appear when using with nexus 6 . the replacement fails to update to 5 . i see an android lying on its back with "error" text over it . it then reboots and even after a factory restore fails to update .   everything perfect  . i liked it, except for the small, non-replaceable battery . it is very clear, and great for watching videos . much faster than my old phone . it comes with almost every google app already installed, and it is easy to get the apps you want to transfer from the old phone installed on the new one . just go to play/my apps on a computer and select the ones you want to transfer (unfortunately, one at a time) click on the "install" button (it tells you if the app is compatible of the new phone before you click on install) and it will be downloaded to the new phone . the phone is easy to use . i like it very much  . not happy yet with the lollipop . i'm also testing android car with a pioneer stereo, very good but very beta phase . i like the device . i'm not really happy with lollipop, but itself the motorola does his job . good luck for the new buyers  . it was not made clear that this phone is the international version that will not work on t-mobile lte network in the us, although it does connect to hspa . it would have been nice to have all this sufficiently explained up front . also,this phone seems to have a problem charging on the qi wireless charger i have been using with other nexus 6 phones . this is annoying if you're expecting a brand new, pristine product . i am disappointed and i am returning this phone immediately  . screen and this was a big jump for me . at first it was a little intimidating the screen size and the overall form factor of the phone, but after a few days of use, i have gotten use the phone and love it . it is a fast and smooth phone to use . what i like also is that not many people have it, especially in my group of friends . the only problem i have is that the camera, while its good, i do wish it could be better in low light conditions, but its passable . the other problem i had with it (its more of my pet-peeve) is the google now launcher that comes pre-installed with the phone . the beauty of android is that there are tuns of launcher options . i don't like the big icons that come with google now launcher  .   the best phone ever . take care when ordering this on amazon, i have seen several postings of nexus 6s and noticed the "model number" labeled "model reference" and other attempts to obscure what you're actually buying . xt1100 international, which is useless in the states . i am not happy and will be returning the phone . *edit* after returning the phone and receiving the correct model i can say this is the phone for me and well worth the wait . my earlier complaint was misplaced frustration at a shipping error, and had little relevance to the phone, which is fantastic . huge, fast and beautiful . highly recommended  .   i ask for 2 phones, everything was ok ,but one of them has now a broken pixel (in the 2nd week) and it does not cast video through my chrome-cast i don't know why, my other phones does that just ok  . it has a wonderful blend of specs, size, manageability, speed and battery life . if you are thinking about getting a big phone this should be it . the front facing speakers are a great bonus  .   battery life could be better, everything else i like  . like most people, i was concerned about how big this phone is . the important things most people will care about are as follows: the screen is beautiful, and big . watching videos, taking pictures, or texting is easy with that much real estate to deal with . the sound quality of the calls is superb, and the dual speakers are phenomenally good . i went with the 64gb model (blue), found cases and holsters aplenty here on amazon, and couldn't be happier with this phone . when it does come out, you're able to watch clear crisp video, hear amazing audio, and browse the web incredibly fast . i highly recommend this phone to anyone . the pure android experience coupled with 3 gb of ram, a fast 2 .7 quad-core cpu, and the high quality of the display and the great sound? i can't think of anything bad about this phone  .   great phone . it's fast and powerful . i like the design of the phone . google's equivalent of siri is amazing, i occasionally speak to my phone to find a place on a map or to text someone if i'm feeling lazy or wish to feel like a tool . that said, it won't fit in skinny jeans, so you are going to have to make a choice in what you value more :) my complaints have more to do with the os with lots of small annoying things . there's no "enter" button on the sms keyboard, which sucks since i like to format my messages before i send them . sooo annoying  .   the autocorrect is mediocre at best . not a huge deal, but i get mildly irritated every time things don't go perfectly well . don't get the iphone, it's a rip off compared to this magnificently stylish beast, while the android ecosystem is open and lets you do whatever you want with your phone . the drawback to not creating a vacuum / walled garden like apple is that their os's ux is inferior .   best phone i've ever had  .   the back cover was found cracked after i've used it less than a week . the quality control is so bad by motorola which was once well known for good quality management . the good: great battery life, easy to modify with custom recovery and root access, fast enough for aggressive multitasking, good audio/speaker quality, solid construction . the bad: too damn big, no sd card slot (  .  ), headphone volume is pathetically low . however, the phone is capable of physically communicating with the verizon network, so all you need is for a verizon tech to wave his magic wand and their system will accept it . but then again, when i activated account-level support for volte, my voice send/receive capability cut out completely and i had to contact vzw tech support . they were able to re-enable voice calling and attributed the initial problem to the fact that i'm not using a vzw device .   awesome device . the best android so far . the iphone is great but has a lot of restrictions for someone not from the apple eco-system . wont be an issue for an avg . so, the nexus 6 is awesome and i have 1 .5 gb of ram free after having all my apps like 30 of the open . a bit overpriced by amazon but smooth and fast delivery as always . good overall performance . camera: slow to launch, operation is slow . accelerator: fails every now and then . solution is to clear cache in boot mode once a week . battery: major drawback my usage profile: medium (no gaming, casual camera use, mostly mails, browsing net - 2 hrs a day) with my usage (medium to heavy) i normally get 10 to 11 hours on any phone i have used . this one dies in 5 hours . contacted motorola support 3 times . - was directed to a moto site on "tips to save battery - turn off gps, wifi, btooth when not is use" - well moto - if i have to do that all day, why do i have a smartphone . seems have to switch to samsung pretty soon . wasted 700k =================================================================================================== update: 06/06/2015 finally, what i wished for . changing back to '5 stars' my last update was '2 stars' for bad battery n loads of problems: had motorola replace it . this time the problem was - random reboots every 15 to 20 mins .0) this is perfect - holds charge for like 12 - 14 hours (i am a power user) - no reboots at all - fixed more minor issues: camera is faster even wireless charging is faster than before . that helped  .   beats the iphone 6 plus with ease(yep, i have both), but it should get better battery life and a 1080p screen would have been fine  .   crazy monster i love it, screen is beautiful took it out of the box put my at card, registered the imei with at&t and that's it . thank god i picked this one over the gs6 or the iphone 6 . didn't fancy this blue color very much, but it is without any doubt the fastest and smoothest smartphove i've ever saw . be aware that the nexus 6 isn't meant for the gerenal public, buy it only if you already are a power user that's into modding or if you are willing to start with this life, otherwise i guess that other phones may suit you better . about the size, it is big, you'll need big hands to get used, but it sure doesn't feel as big as it looks . pretty amazing device, battery still going strong, able to squeeze 20 hours of continuous use of that uhd monster screen . if you still find the us version new, buy it, you will not regret it . turned off, pulled out of the case and turned it back on, pretty amazing device to not be water proof certified! still going strong as of today . this device uses nano sim card, same the iphone 5, 5c, and 5s uses (get it from your provider or buy a sim card cutter like the'#1 nano sim card cutter, aerb mini /standard & micro to nano sim for iphone 6 plus iphone 6 iphone 5 iphone 4, 4s and other phones + metal tray + 2 sim adapters + sand paper, all in one pack) . yes, it is qi wireless charging capable and qualcomm quick charge 2 .  fun times, enjoy your new, expensive nexus 6  .   phone works great . its a little bigger than i'm used to, but i got over that pretty quickly . however, i also learned that you can cut down a micro sim to make it work in a nano slot, which is what i ended up doing . once i did this, the phone registered on the network and worked great  . while i do love the build of this phone, stock lollipop, storage size, and speakers, the screen and the camera on this phone is just terrible . viewing angles are terrible, changing colors and rainbowing out with little movement, and the camera is grainy and terrible even in good lighting . battery life is also not that great  .   it's an average phone, one that i am not too happy with  .   the phone is great it really met my expectations from all direction . here are some points of the phone after one month of usage: (i'll start with the bad stuff then go to the good things about the phone) ugly stuff: - if you choose to lock your phone with a pass code an someone called you the screen does not activate . sometimes it feels like its gonna fall an crack bad stuff: - the phone is too huge to handle . if you don't like big phones this one is too big - in some online reviews and unboxing of the phone, it says that it comes with another charger that you can put the phone on it an it'll charge, but i am not really sure about that, mine didn't have that . although i really think its worth it comparing to other devices . good stuff: - battery life ( guaranteed full day) sometimes more repentant on usage . - screen is great for videos and other media . - no lag at all, due to its processor  .   works better then my old note 3, and doesn't have all of samsung/verizon bloatware that you can't turn off  .   love this phone . the best phablet out there hands down  .   great phone, product as described  . great phone  .   really it's one of the best android phone that i have used i like it so much, and i'm very happy to buy it . it's not very big as they said, at least for me i fill it's very comfortable but sure you can't use it by one hand conveniently  . it is difficult to get a glass screen protector to fit because of the curved edges, but hey  .   its the best phone i have ever owned and i am usually a galaxy owner . and it felt pretty bulky initially . worse yet, the phone seems to want to be dropped . the shape seems to defy my ability to grip it . but i got used to the size pretty quickly . i have absolutely no trouble reading email and web pages . no weird extensions or customization built-in . it's the closest you're going to get to pure android . and it works well . the whole thing seems a lot more intuitive than my samsung-ified tab 7 . battery life is pretty good considering how big the screen is . i'm not disabling location services or anything like that . i suspect that if i could easily get two days of use out of a single charge if i had to . it's terrific to just drop my phone on the cradle and charge it up without having to fumble with any plugs . i don't generally expect much from a phone in this regard  .   but the nexus 6 has two front-facing speakers that actually deliver decent sound . i had absolutely no trouble watching several television programs on it . and my ringer is hard to ignore . i'm a little annoyed at the lack of user-serviceable parts . this doesn't bother me too much, since i've been on an iphone for years . but it might be a bit of a shock if you're coming from some other android devices . i had absolutely no trouble activating this device on my verizon account . i'd recommend that you might want to go in and manually set your preferred network type  .   seems like i've gotten a better signal since i manually set it to lte instead of the default global setting . it also seems like the nexus 6 has a better antenna than my iphone did - i'm able to connect to wireless networks from further away, and with better signal strength  .   very beautiful phone, i love it  .   my 3rd moto android phone and the best by far . i'll never go back to a smaller phone . screen size is perfect for all the stuff i use it for . the phone did have the random reboot problem that was widely reported for nexus 6, but it never happened while actually using the phone . and now the problem is completely gone with the 5 . one more thing i want to mention: the kindle app is great on this phone . this is the first android phone i've been able to comfortably use it on . the screen size is finally big enough  .   by far the best phone out, just unlock the bootloader root it and then run a custom rom and youre good to go! as far as size goes you shouldnt lower the grade based on size . the rep tried using an active nano-sim card but that did not work either . who knows, maybe there is something wrong with the phone . i hate having to use yet another cellular-branded phone but my hands were tied  .   most excellent phone . some of the amazon marketplace resellers are selling the international version which doesn’t support some of the lte frequency bands used in the usa . (you would get slower data speeds on your expensive phone . before owning it, i thought it would be too big, especially when coming from a puny 4 . but i can say i’ve adjusted nicely to it and have had no real issues holding or using it, even with one hand . i am very careful with it however, and i put it in a case right away . its great reading articles and watching videos on this huge screen! - the picture . the display is rich with deep blacks and vibrant colors . there are some very useful new features with this release, and 5 .1 fixes lots of bugs that hampered the nexus 6 before . the phone is very fast and doing whatever you need it to do . it may not be good for the long term life of the battery, but it sure is handy . at night, i use an old slow charger . if you have small hands, forget about one handed use . - slow camera . - some minor lollipop bugs and annoyances persist . fortunately i’ve seen amazon (proper) drop the price periodically, so if you haven’t purchased it yet, you may see the price fluctuate to your advantage . - smart lock – when at home, work, or connected to bluetooth devices, the screen will not lock . - add pc keyboard – with this huge screen, why not include a dedicated row of numbers on your keyboard? - chrome text scaling to 120% - a bigger screen should show larger text, not more tiny text . in summary, i really like the larger screen and added features of the nexus 6 compared with my old nexus 4 . if you’re coming from a nexus 5 or any flagship phone from 2014, the upgrade may not be as beneficial however . keep an eye out for discounts and deals once the next big wave of 2015 phones gets in full swing . that their hands were small, and that being able to use one hand was a luxury i wouldn't miss  . no, i didn't really miss the ability to use my phone one handed, what i missed was being able to reach every corner of the screen with my thumb . to use the entire phone you have to re-position your hand if you have any hope of reaching the top left hand corner of the screen with your right thumb . and holding the phone is uncomfortable if you go about it as you're used to, you have to hold it like you've never held a phone before . i'm better off sticking with my nexus 5 and getting a tablet if i want something this big . the nexus 6 is just unnecessary and inconvenient . my nexus 5 might have started to lose some battery life, but at least the phone itself still worked  .   the battery is one of the best out currently (3/17/15) . and the size is easy to get used to . has a beautiful screen, and camera and is unbelievably smooth . 10/10 would recommend  .   i am having the same problem my nexus 6 back cover is peeling off under the power, volume buttons . that is really bad  . there is something wrong with the kernel, and i'm not flashing or rooting to fix an issue that shouldn't be there in the first place . other than battery life, the phone is fantastic  . i am very sad because of that . it has dents in the back  .   ego-central 'chic' mentality of google turns a fine device into trash . the keyboard is badly crafted - results in many spurious characters . terrible non-documentation . google tries to be so clever they ignore common function - software written by 'savants' - or should say 'idiot savants' - at once clever and stupid . keyboard & mail are wretched  . i took it to a verizon store and they were unable to activate it without calling for help from a higher level tech . if the store you go to is very busy, they very well might blow you off and say it can't be done . so ignore the reviews that say it can't be done . very cool phone! nice to have clean, pure android with the updates 1st . i have big hands so the phone is easy to use . the screen is bright and easy to read . coming from a note 4 its a very easy transition . with such a premium phone why not? the battery life is pretty good . i'll be kicking the tires good for the next week and i'll let you know how it feels once lollipop 5 . i have it on metropcs right now, lte is displayed up top . apn settings in phone are compatible with metropcs . built for people who got big hands like me, ppi is incredible, quality is perfect, speakers facing forward   . if you do brick your phone, the software itself will allow you to flash rom with stock rom and go back to the way it was right out the box . the led light notifications are behind the top speaker, red blue and green lights, you must root phone and download "light flow" . you can get rid of the annoying search bar on home screen . you can disable all annoying bloatware and google apps you don't need and never use . i made the mistake of loosening my grip with the galaxy mega 6 .3 and dropped it while i was sitting down, i cracked the screen in the corner, so i am being extra careful this time with a better case and always holding my nexus 6 phone tight . highly recommend this phone to anyone with big hands and big demands for quality  . i think there is a problem with the shipping of these phone . there is no protective plastic on the back for shipping and it seems that the back is rubbing on the box during shipping causing the spots .00 i think it needs to come to the consumer defect free  .   received defective  .   so far so good, it is a bit large, used to the nexus 5, i do miss the smaller size at times, but i'm sure i will get used to it  .   bad phone for the price . it supposed to have stock android, but this resulted in significant limitations to the phone's capabilities . -the led light is disabled and you can not enable it unless you root your phone . and the worst part: it has the worst screen i have ever seen, it has bad yellow (wb) and warm bad colors . if you put it side by side with other high end phones like note 4, the screen looks disgusting  .   had the previous 2 generations of nexus devices, by far this is the best one i have ever owned, if you love the pure android experience, timely software updates, and an amazing screen, this is the phone you want to have  .   great phone . after using several days it is hard to use anything smaller . the screen is clean and sharp with great colors . wireless charging is one of the best features on this phone along with stock android . phone calls are clean and crisp with no problems hearing or being heard . the dual speakers are loud but not obnoxious, maybe need a little more bass, but what do you expect from a phone  .   i love it * . love the phone the only thing i dislike is the screen color calibration it really goes to the warm side tho it isn't that bad but still a just a tiny bit more white would be good the phone is fast, smooth, is light not heavy as my previous htc one max . speakers sound very well close enough to the htc . they're loud and clear . then i had the brilliant idea of dialing *228, which permanently tied me to 3g only on it . i haven't tested that one yet, but i did read that you wouldn't have issues with that one . perfect condition . works flawlessly! shipped and delivered extremely fast .   one of the most solid phones out there .   it's like new as described and well packaged with original packing materials . it has been working well so far and i really like everything with this phone  . now as of 11/6/2016, the charging port is damaged! i have no insurance as if it would have done me any good as i would have had to pay between $200-$250 for a refurbished phone when i only paid $59 and some change for a new one  .   i have so much important stuff on my phone i need for work and priceless videos of my kids, family, and loved ones who have passed a away . this is a total lost, my livelihood is on the dead block  .   my wife is very happy with her new phone  .   the nexus 6 is a great phone! however tread carefully with a so called "refurbished" phone purchase . i received the nexus 6 in less than fair condition and cannot get it replaced . i should have known better than to buy a used phone from amazon . now i am stuck with a buggy phone that has several issues . as far as the nexus 6 goes, it is a wonderful smartphone running android 7 . perfect screen to shell ratio, sturdy, nice camera, and smooth app transitioning  .   very pleased  .  works great  .   product arrived in perfect condition with no visible damage etc . very satisfied with my purchase  .   excellent phone for the money . i had a note 7 that was returned under recall and i needed a phone to hold me over until something comes out that i like and is comparable . the lgv20 and google pixel xl do not support wireless charging which is a dealbreaker for me . the s7 edge is a step down in size and the radical curve on that screen detracts from reading books etc . this phone has a beautiful screen (little dim in direct sunlight compared to samsung but definitely good for 95% of my daily usage), excellent speakers, will be updated to nougat, and plenty fast for anything that i have thrown at it . i actually don't miss my samsung s6 that i traded in for the note 7  .   very pleased with this product  . great phone . google always makes a good product . definitely get this if you have larger hands, my hands are probably a little bigger than average and it seems to fit into them perfectly - i can still used swiftkey keyboard with 1 hand so the screen isn't too large  . excellent phone all around  . the condition was amazing  . great seller . no issues  .   probably the best phone i've ever owned . lovely huge screen . the camera takes clearer better pictures than any phone i've had before . everything i've used on it works better than any phone i've ever had except that the google play app store seems to be confused about what phone i own . that said, i like the phone . the camera is great, and the editing functions are adequate  .   i've only had this phone three days, but the first thing i've noticed is that i get good signal strength in places where with any of my other previous phones i've gotten poor or no signal at all . from a functional point of view this phone is a magnification work of art, after all what is more important than actually being able to use a phone no matter where you are at . this phone was very easy to root . with the right utility, this phone is essentially brick proof . i am still very happy with this phone, i flashed a beta version of nougat on it . i am especially happy with its sensitivity of signal strength  .   really great phone love the nexus 6 had a sony z4 before this but this is a really great phone . the best phone for its $300 i got on amazon  .   fantastic phone . just like new  . mine was in very good to excellent condition .   my phone came on time and is a very nice product, i'm very excited to have it  .   had the phone 1 month and charger port died  .   i do love the phone but im in the caribbean and it seems like it's locked to at&t is there anyway for u to unlock this for me please . its huge its easy to use . its better than my htc m8 with android 6 . m8 was ruined with a lousy make of android 6 was very poorly developed  .   i loved the m8 too . only downside to the nexus is no card slot for it . great phone . it is easy to type on . want a huge phone that works good and isn't 600 bucks and runs android 6 .   thank you . this is the best phone ever . i love the size and i love stock android  .   got it to replace my wife's broken phablet . she has yet to start complaining about it, so it's a win for me  .   awesome phone  .   i really like my new nexus, though it was kind of sad losing some features that the moto x 2014 offered that the nexus doesn't (gestures, etc)  .   love this phone . not because they aren't very different - they are - but because it is supremely user-friendly . in fact i'd say that for a beginner to a smart phone that this would be the better option to go with purely due to the fact that it is so intuitive in terms of learning to use it . pretty much everything on there is google related but i was able to with zero problem download my favorite apps - like waze, fb,paypal, etc for instance with zero problem and much faster than iphone as well in fact i'd say computer power is faster altogether . also except for music (i'm not sure if there is a free option or not) which i pay $9 . i'm very pleased with my purchase and would recommend it highly  .   i hate it that takes away one star  .   which is a great phone as well  .   but the huge screen i love an it's fast with speed  .   the front speakers isn't too loud when u are talking on speaker phone but over all i believe i got my monies worth . my son loves his new phone . the device works! however, like any android phones update the os your self . i recommend nexus devices .   phone has worked great . she was concerned about it being larger before getting it, but is delighted with it now . the screen is beautiful, the performance is snappy, has a nice camera, and having a nexus is great in order to get timely system updates . this is the type of support i expect to get, not the kind you get from the carriers where they stop providing builds usually some time after the first year to push you into purchasing another device to stay supported . highly recommend  .   good phone, vanilla android, huge uhd screen, front facing speakers>>>omg you dont know you need this until you have it . overall a good buy for those who are a little more tech savvy and can navigate around un-skinned aosp  .   got a great deal on this phone . i got it expecting some signs of wear since it was used, but it is like new . no bloatware, super fast and its huge . very happy  .   pros: beautiful screen (1440p i think), dual front facing speakers, decent camera (not the best), google now launcher already installed, having google with just one swipe, fast (for the first 6 months then preforms average), and etcetera (i can't thing more thing off the top of my head) . cons:after having this for a while it got slow and i'm not downloading random stuff (my android phones get slow of about one year of usage) . also the screen burn-in is horrific in my opinion . sometimes when i'm in class my phone randomly restarts during the middle of class and makes that really annoying at&t boot sound and eventually my teacher takes up my phone which gets me really mad (it has happened about 18-20 times to me) . i would recommend a different smart phone if you are keeping it for more than 1 year, like the iphone or a samsung note device  . i like the large screen, now the nexus 5 seems tiny . the screen clarity is very impressive . i am only giving it 4 stars due to some minor issues which may or not be the fault of the phone - could be problems with my own wi-fi connection  . large screen, fast and lots of development on xda . very satisfied with the shipping speed from the seller  . wonderful interface .   4 months in and i'm still enjoying it . i'll probably be selling it and getting a g4, since the only thing wrong with this phone is the non removable back, battery, and storage . also, when i turn my volume to max on speaker or sometimes playing music, the top speaker can click  .   i like it with one drawback, no operators manual . i really like this phone . signed up for google fi with this phone and it works fine . verizon works better, but google fi costs 1/2 as much  . just slightly buggy, but easily one of the best pieces of hardware on the market for the price . trust me, buy the unlocked version, vanilla android lollipop is an outstanding os . turbocharging is incredible, wireless charging is ridiculously convenient . can't believe this phone isn't more popular  .   fantastic phone . big, but that's not a drawback if you happen to be wanting a lot of screen . the phone itself is very fast and responsive . camera is sharp, and it takes good video . google one drive and other network cloud storage cushions the blow from not having an sd card slot . great phone, but if you're purchasing this for your at&t account because you're eligible for an upgrade, at&t will hit you with a monthly service charge of between $15 (10gb data plan) or $25 (15gb plan), or even more for larger data plans .com/planchange page - sent after activation in a friendly text . at&t is working very hard to force customers onto the next upgrade scheme rather than subsidizing the cost of a new device . apps constantly crash and the phone sometimes just turns off when i'm in a call . it's a shame because i like the size of the phones screen .0 i have upgraded to 5 .1 and that has fixed alot of the issues i was having with the apps crashing . the battery runs down a little faster now but charges back up fast with the included turbo charger .   it is an amazing phone, really fluid and beautiful os . i do not know how i used to have a small phone (galaxy s3), big screens are awesome! and specially this one . i was afraid it was indeed going to be too big for my hands, as i dont think i have big hands . it does feel big in my pocket though . but i would recommend it to everyone  .   don't be afraid of picking this phone if what you are looking for is the international version of the motorola nexus 6 . i've been using my phone for one month already and have found nothing wrong with it, aside from the fact that i live in america and the turbo charger that came in my box is only compatible with european power outlets . coming from a nexus 4, the battery life has been spectacular and it can last me the whole day easily . so happy with this phone and the money saved by getting via amazon was even better  .   amazing  .   nice phone . awesome phone, a few quirks but overall a 5/5 in my book  . had difficulties in unlocking the phone . the phone has a nice screen   . the screen is large, nice for video viewing and even for work when out of the office . difficult to find a classical ring tone  .   the available ringtones need to be upgraded  .   nice phone . i gotten a great price on it-lets say less than $120 . brand new on contract so it works for me . i've owned most of the flagship models of random carriers and manufacturers over the years, because even though at first i was reluctant to join the smartphone revolution, i got sucked in and realized how cool it could be to own a personal computer in the palm of your hand . this nexus 6 is the best phone i've ever owned . it is super fast, the screen is crystal clear and goes way above what my 1080p 60 inch flat screen at home can even show . i love the fact that you can customize nexus phones, & i have my phone rooted running cyogenomod 12 . if i have any recommendation for you if you are going to do that road, download ciandelta from the android marketplace . it only downloads the small portion that had changed, which is between 20 and 30 megabytes . an effortless download and installation as long as you have a nice custom recovery installed such as tean win . the phone camera is great! it takes awesome pictures, both front and back cameras . the shutter speed is significantly improved with just a little bit tweaking of the settings . overall this is a great phone and a great buy . i have had this phone now for about 2 months, and waited until i knew for sure it was good before i wrote this review . the nexus 6 is a flawless phone . there is nothing bad about it .   i had my doubts about buying this device since i live in the middle east ( saudi arabia ) . my doubts came as i was worried that the device might not work in my country but it actually did ! i had a nexus 5 before this phone which encouraged me to buying this one since my experience with it was more than excellent . i am really looking forward to testing this new device and will -possibly- update this review later with pros and -i hope there isn't any- cons . i would like to thank you ( both google and the seller ) for the brilliant phone and would like to assure anyone who has doubts about this phone being locked, that if it worked perfectly in my country, i am 100% sure it will work in yours ;) thank you again and god bless you all   . a bit big though . best phone i have ever owned  .   nice mobile . awesome phone  .   after a couple months with this phone, there's very few things i don't like about it . despite being the largest phone i've ever used, it's easy to get used to . it's fast, beautifully made, and has great specs (including inductive charging, which is kinda cool .) being a larger phone, though, it's difficult to hold/use in one hand at any sort of an angle since (even with my larger hands) you can't easily reach the top of the screen with your thumb if you're bracing the bottom edge with your pinky . overall, would definitely recommend if you're into larger phones . the battery life is far better than my last phone(atrix hd) . it felt a little large and unwieldy at first but after getting used to it i find it more comfortable than a small screen  .   simply awesome  . big device, but fits in most pockets  .   i received my nexus 6 today and i have to say that 1: there was dust on the phone i literally had to clean it . the phone is great did not think i would like the transition to a bigger phone but i love it great buy  .   i'm not going to lie, it's big! the length wise doesn't bother me as much as the width, but i have no issues keeping it my pocket . however when holding it i feel like i'm going to drop it . i bought the nexus due to it not being bloated with manufacture software, and could get lollipop instantly . it's a great phone to transition from apple too . i would recommend it if you don't mind the larger scale 6" phone, otherwise try out the motox which is considerably smaller  .   my 2013 moto x took a spill due to my affinity for being clumsy so i was in need of a new handset . my requirements for the device werebetter battery life (not necessarily the best, but better than what i have now), a serviceable camera, good build quality and a 'stock' version of googles android operating system . to those who don't otherwise know, stock android refers to android without customizations from a 3rd party oem like samsung or htc .4) i kinda could still get why someone would opt for htc's or samsungs interface, if only for flair, even though i preferred the cleaner look of googles version . its every bit as 'pretty' and elegant as ios is (id argue the aesthetic is prettier, with more pleasing animations, but thats just my preference) and its worlds better than many of the software overlays you'll see on phones at att . the benefit of this is that you get increased performance and updates for your device get approved more quickly, because there is no 3rd party, outside of att, that has to ensure the update is implemented properly with existing software . (the only downside for some folks is that this is more like the 'iphone 6plus' experience  .  you'll have to look to the new moto x if you want something comparable to this same hardware/software accord on a smaller handset that competes with the iphone6) i strongly considered the moto x before getting this device  .  however att refuses to let me customize it on the next program so that ruled it out . also, i wanted a significant bump in battery life, as opposed to only slightly better . the hardware is equally nice on the moto x . as long as you can stomach the size, you'll love this phone . its fast, fluid, extraordinarily well built and feels very premium . googles engineers were asked why they went with a device this big considering the nexus 5 was much smaller and they gave an answer that made me, a strictly one handed-use guy' a covert to big phones . 'whats the ideal size for a pocket internet device?' so spot on ., so as someone who lacked a tablet, this is a great in between device . if you already have a tablet, the advantages of a giant phone may not be readily apparent, and it may actually seem silly . a few key points to consider, especially when looking at the other two big 'big' phones on the market . you get darker blacks then you do with the iphone6+ and less blown out colors than the note4 . its a great screen, and a wonderful way to view all of your content . camera: its damning praise to say it has the best camera ever on a nexus, but thats the case here . the camera is better than what was on my moto x and the colors are very very accurate . low light photography is a tad slow to focus, but the outcome is pleasing . i would still put it a tick or two below the note and 6 plus' camera, but the usability is much nicer and straightforward . my mom would have an easier time snapping a photo here and editing it then she would on her galaxy s4 . its the first android camera that i've used that doesnt feel like i'm a second class citizen to what an iphone can produce . very big thumbs up . feels great in hand, weighty in a quality way . i prefer the texture to the note4's backplate, though it still doesnt feel as premium as the 6+ or something like the htc one . (build quality and materials quality are two different things however, and the nexus6 does excellent in the former and great in the latter .  these speakers are incredibly good and i'd argue that they are louder . it has 2 of them, both front facing, which makes a huge difference when sharing a video or just enjoying content, which is something that you'll do often . they protrude ever so slightly from the front of the device, which keeps the screen safe if you ever leave it face down . thats great considering the size of the battery . this morning, i pluged my phone in at 7:05, it was down to 9%, and by the time i left for work i had gotten up to a 94% charge . as far as battery life itself goes, i've been pretty hard on my device the last few days i've had it . you wont have to worry about it with this device . it has top of the line specs and because of that standard, instead of just running well for while its 'new' it will continue to do so for quite some time . despite the resolution, games load quickly and dropped frames is a non-issue all in all, i'm very happy with my purchase . this is one of the first bleeding edge devices i've owned so soon after its introduction and i plan on keeping it for quite some time . it does everything well and knowing i will still continue to get updates long after other oem's are simply worried about selling you their newest handset feels great .  i still miss my moto x . there are some features there that not even stock android can replicate and if you want a smaller handset, i strongly encourage you to check out that device .   daughter loves it . nice   .   phone works well . for my daughter i'm not a iphone fan works as expected .11) is easy to learn and use . all aspects of the se work flawlessly . if you like to tinker with phones apps to get them to work, get an android, if you want phone apps that work all the time, get an apple, . it works well and using it now  .   there were some scratches on the back but it's not noticeable unless you are looking for them, it works amazing it's very fast and i'm quite satisfied . some people like bigger phones before buying it i read reviews and such and a lot of people were saying it was very small but it really is a normal size it's just that the iphone 6 and up are large . so if you prefer larger phones i'd suggest the iphone 6, this phone otherwise is very similar performance rise with the iphone 6s it just does not have 3d touch which i don't care for, it's also around $200 cheaper than a iphone 6s . so just some things to think about (: i love the design of it also it seems very elegant and i'm overall very happy with my se . excellent, the best iphone, good price, 12 mp front camera, very fast processor, touch id fast . a product recommended for people who like phones with a maneuverable screen and that can be carried in the pocket of the pants .   awesome phone with much more than expected performance . with the hardware of iphone 6s this little beautiful piece works so well . easy activation has sim card works great . cheap  .   my order is unlocked version but this iphone se is locked version and i can't use it safely in china .   great seller thank u the iphone was as described   .   good looking product . fast transport . it arrived on time and has worked great .   i always had android and decided to try the apple phone because of the size and others who have one say it's easy to use . for example, using bluetooth and answering the phone while it's on is a little faster to switch over and pairing is a little easier . using apple id i found to be a pain which isn't something android has . i hate all the sign in stuff that is needed to do things with pictures and email etc . i like the size of the phone and that was the main reason i tried it . overall i like but can't justify the cost other than apple charges for their name  .   i love it . very reliable and fits in my hand perfectly . easy to use  .   bought it for my partner who want new model but still small phone . great model . fast and easy to operate, . it doesn't work on verizon network so i'm having to return it  .   very good mobile and all functions work very well . i recived an iphone 5s i bought and pay for and iphone se i demand a refund for the difference . sweet smart phone . my daughter loved her new phone  . it's an apple, for my daughter, she seems to like it  .   no problems out of it ! i love my iphone se rose gold! the size is perfect for me . returned it right away  .   does not work on verizon network as stated in product description .   excellent phone, nice design, small, very comfortable to carry on your pocket . the camera is excellent at day and night, the front camera also take very good pics . in terms of speed, is very fast, i love this phone  .   super super perfect! super super new . pretty good . shipment didn't take long and handling was good  .   this was a gift, and my daugter is very happy with it  . amazing  .   nice product   .   i do like this phone, was expecting it to process faster  .  seems a bit faster than my iphone 5, but not a huge difference . love it .   best of the 6 in the smaller body  .   all was perfect  . no issues experienced at all  .   exactly what i wanted, fast shipping  .   i was a little skeptical about buying electronics online especially a phone, i hesitated whether or no i should buy it but i'm glad i did it was in perfect condition and the exact same model as described very happy with my purchase  .   the sexy body of a 5s and the guts of a 6  . works wonderfully, my life has not been more organized . much easier, less painful to use than android  .   love it  .   good product at great price and no contract worries  .   great performance and a pocket size . i love it .   great service and awesome phone  . pretty good . device started heating, take it to mac store and been told that equipment is refurnished with no original parts as battery no new , therefore looks like the screen is loose bcouse not original baterry . the phone was in perfect condition  .   great performance  . perfect item  .   the mobile phone is faster than the 5s, is a small version of the iph6s . got this for a decent price (around $450 when i purchased) and bit the bullet . my other phone, an iphone 6s, was broken beyond repair so i removed my sim card from my iphone 6s and inserted it into the iphone se, plugged it into my itunes, and viola! a beautiful, operating phone  .   when i opened the brown shipping box, i was surprised they didn't pad the inside more, but everything was in great shape . the white iphone box was still sealed, but the phone's protective film had some scratching on it, so i'm not sure what that was about . not an issue at all, since i was removing that anyway . the only thing that would've made the experience better would be faster shipping, but beggars can't be choosers  .   great product . very good phone . this phone is not compatible with verizon as they will not activate it .   great product . the phone itself did not work as it should've on verizon, but the person i bought it from took care of everything . even though it didn't work, it was still a good experience  .   the phone is great! the perfect combination of size and power, and includes a great camera  .   do not buy from this seller- they are overpriced, and while i did purchase the product from another vendor in the end, and i can attest that it is an amazing device, quite possibly one of apple's very best, paying more money than one would pay at a mobile store or at an apple store is stupid, and so i am giving this a one-star review  .   it attended my expectation on processor speed, oppening apps pretty quick .   i love my iphone, is the better  .   works great . this is my first time owning an iphone & i must say that i'm thoroughly impressed so far . i am in jamaica so i ordered it unlocked but was a bit skeptical as to whether it could really work in my country . it did! i'm so happy  . i'm switching from a samsung s4 mini which i bought on amazon few years ago & i must say that was a great phone too . it fell so many times but still worked beautifully . i'm hoping that this new phone can withstand the falls just as well  .   great upgrade if you have a very old iphone . cheaper directly from apple, so only buy here if you have some gift card or points to use . if you have an iphone 5s, it's likely not worth the upgrade  .   excelent  . why buy a 6s when you can have this for $200+ cheaper  .   good  .   phone was used for a few days (not brand new as said in the ad listing) but packing was good and was in box along with new charger and new ear phones . overall happy with the service  . it works excellent in uruguay  . i love this format .   i love the phone had to wait on it because of the storm going on down south . but other then that great phone and fast shipping  .   very good a+++ . very great performance in operation system from apple, the touch screen & camera are look great, also there is the id touch sensor which unlock the phone when you press the home button everything is perfect i guess but if you like big screen this is not your phone it is not small but also not big with 4 inch screen . excelent  . i love that . awesome  .   nice, small iphone with lots of power and great camera  .   bad quality product . in conclusi'n, bad purchase and bad service . spectacular phone . i feel like i'm using the iphone 6s . it is much smaller though so be careful when typing . i highly recommend if you're looking for the iphone 6s but want it to fit in your pocket . perfect phone, like brand new no complains  .   love it  .   very pleased generally . pleased to see how much can be done with the camera  .   i was very excite when this arrived due to all the great review . right of the bat, the phone said i am on a lower ios update so it won't be able to transfer my content from my old iphone to this . has chinese lettering in the back, like wtf . so many problems with this . very good phone . no problems  . good phone .   excelent product and seller . i love my new phone . quick delivery, decent price . no problems so far  .   i am thrilled i purchased this iphone from this seller . i had it checked to be sure it was unlocked,and i am happy to report that it is . i love everything about the phone itself . works great even when multi-tasking,which is all i do all day . this was a great purchase  . i highly recommend it to everyone . very easy to use and it is in perfect condition . this is an apple iphone but 100% chinese version that ha language, browser, apps and store settings in chinese language almost impossible to change . also, the earphone jack is too small so i can't fit the original iphone earphones or any other earphones in the audio jack . has a messed up screen and cant afford to send it back and not have a phone  .   the phone is excellent, it work right out of the box with any provider  .   well this was a gift to my dad and he loves it . he has it for a couple of months now and i just asked him how is the phone and he said it's perfect  .   i'm very satisfied with my phone and the company . my phone shipped right away and arrived before the scheduled delivery date . i've been using it for a little over a week now and i love it . it looks and works as if it were brand new . i'm very happy with the results of this purchase  .   excellent buy! would definitely recommend- no problems at all  . this is good iphone  .   cutting edge phone comparable to iphone6s in a smaller package . my daughter loves it  . perfect  . thank you . now i'm trying to return this prodcut but i live in colombia and this countrie there is a law to restrict import/export smartphone . this problem i have and have not do  .   good phone . love this phone and remember what i loved about the original hand size iphones  .   nice phone  . it is a great upgrade from her iphone 4s as she doesn't like bigger phones like the 6s or 6 plus  .   good  .   very good phone . i bought it with a very good price  .   just as ordered and on promised time . phone came in excellent condition; unlocked and easy to use . i am loving my phone . had it since may and it is working fine  .   right product and fast shipping  .   i am very happy and content with my first i phone . so know enjoy evert day the bennefits of this product  .   great phone .   the se looks the same apart from the rose gold detail but it's also very new in many ways from the screen resolution to the much improved performance and features . very pleased with it  .   excellent delivery . excellent product . excellent enjoyment  .   no problems  .   good product . it is not "unlocked", a waste of time & money  .   it is great, runs well hold all my music, camera is great, got apple care plus for two years! all the features of a iphone 6 without the bulky size . great phone  .   is small and confortable .  aweful service  .   love this phone it's worth the money . i like how i can have a small phone and have the latest technology inside it  .   it's fake iphone do not buy from this market, anything has given me a chinese phone . fast phone and good bettery life . dont need big screen because have an ipad  . right size with perfect perfomance . amazing  .   it is perfect  . like like like . dear to whom it may concern that the iphone charger for the walk jack are way to big that i couldn't be able plug it in on my house jack . i love it  .   superb  . it came on time and it works great .   i can't use it on sprint, what a waste of time and money .   i like it  .   very good  . iphone stopped working i am in venezuela and difficult to send me , i have no possibilities of similar equipment compar . no problems with it, it was unblocked and in its package sealed .   i upgraded to the iphone 6 when it came out (i needed to test a few apps on the larger screen) and then last year i thought, "if i get the plus, i can have an even better reading/watching experience" . after 6 months, i'm ditching my 6s+ and i'm loving this phone! it's so small and light it almost feels like a toy, and i don't need a case to keep from dropping it  . i only had one disappointment - my inability to transfer my contacts from my old phone - a samsung galaxy to the iphone but that may be due to my own technological unsophistication   .   it's hard to meet my expectations but this product did . arrived fast and safe . so far so good  .   good  .  this phone works according our expectations . i really like my new iphone . fairly easy to use, and takes very clear pics . the reason i gave it only 4 stars is because of the price, i think paying this much money for a phone is crazy  .  but here i am being crazy   . mt previous phone was an iphone 5s which had much better reception . something is wrong with phone . in places where my 5s got consistently good reception this phone is lucky to get one dot . fast, reliable, good battery life .   i liked it . awful reception no matter where i go . phone is clearly defective .   not sure what to say negative about any iphone because i love them! anyway the product that i bought match the description and i have no problems using the phone two seconds after i open the package . great, great, great experience  . it's a great iphone at a great price . love it  .   it works great, got here before expected time, well sealed an packaged . bogus phone .   it was in an excellent condition  .   the phone was exactly like the seller said 100% satisfied . i received my iphone se in great condition! the packaging was awesome & it was indeed new  .   after having a terrible experience from an iphone 6plus a week ago, i decided to order this one and this was by far the best phone ever! thank you so much  . good product .   much faster than 5s . nice iphone it misses the 3d touch and more stronger front camera   . great phone for international use . compatible with every network i have used so far  . it has great speed, and battery life . the camera is 4k, and takes bright clear pictures . the web browsing is smooth and quick  .   my daughter loves it works great . super first shipment was right on time  .   wow! love size and higher build quality of the se! i switched back from the iphone 6s and have no regrets'''' . great seller and fast shipping  .   the camera isn't better than the older version of the iphone  . if u like 6s and u dont like its size, get se . cute phone and fast deliver . apple always make excellent product . outstanding phone, same as other apple phones features only smaller . love this phone . bravo  . pretty good in general . great phone . a little expensive but it is because is apple . great   .   everything was perfectly in order .   biggest mistake i ever made . i was sent the wrong phone, the charger was european and it was set up before with someone's icloud info on it . i took it to the apple store and it would not ever work here or on at&t  . when smartphones became more powerful with better cameras i still waited because they still lagged in a few things and getting a small point and shoot was still a much better value for money . the pictures are clear, beautiful, they are much better in low light than with point and shoot cameras, the camera app is super easy, and the shutter is fast fast fast . speaking about software, wow what can i say that hasn't been told already? ios is very fluid and minimalist, with no bloatware, something i appreciate a lot . with android, even with high end devices, you still feel some hicups and lag from time to time, but ios is the king of "smoothness" . i've even seen 5 years old iphone devices working still like the first time . i don't care about the screen being smaller than other smartphones nowadays, because i don't watch much video on my phones, i'm minimalist so i just keep a few apps for messaging and photos and that's it . the battery life is great, but charging takes like 1 .   good phone from a good seller  .i tried the game modern combate 5 on iphone se and my samsung galaxy s7,load the game and load the mission,iphone se made them faster than s7 about 3 secs .and the only thing i don't like is upside of the screen is yellow,just a little than the other parte of the screen .so i gave it 4 stars for this issue,not a big deal but you can tell . okay, there has been a hype for about a few months now, and the new 4" iphone is finally here . some important points to take note of are that this phone has the exact same body as the iphone 5 and 5s . really the only difference is that this phone comes with matte edges instead of chrome, and the legal labels on the back are removed . the next point was that this phone is better than the iphone 6 (and much cheaper) . don't let the 4" screen fool you, this iphone's stats are mostly on par or better than the iphone 6 (and no, bigger screen is not better) . a9 chip, better and faster than the a8 in the iphone 6 . if pictures are your thing, there is a 12-megapixel isight camera, better than the one in the iphone 6 . don't forget improved noise reduction, also better than the iphone 6 . don't forget the panorama that features up to 63 megapixels, you guessed it, better than the iphone 6's 43 megapixels . battery life: the iphone se has the best battery life of all iphone for sale today in terms of internet use time . if you hold any iphone with a 4" screen or smaller, and you are free from any contracts, then yes you should upgrade . given that you were able to afford a full price iphone, you can definitely enjoy the features of this phone . the way i see it, this phone is the perfect way to enjoy an iphone 6s without the huge cost (and the 3d touch) . you really should be happy with your phone, but, then again, i pretty much just trashed your phone in the specs throw down above . this one is a tough call, and one you and your wallet should decide . however, if you are still in a contract for a while, it is up to you to decide if this phone is worth breaking your contract over . i hope you enjoyed reading this review more than i enjoyed writing it . if you have any questions, my email is on my profile page, and you should feel free to contact me . i, however, am not a representative from apple, and you might just get better answers there .   it started having problems functioning and restarting after a few months . great phone better that expected , works great with absolutely no issues . very disappointed  .   worked gr eat for awhile but now wont even turn on . lost the money  .   happy to have a new phone and happier it isn't a 7 . verry happy it come with all accesories, cant ask for more . the charge was not compactible with it but work on my others divices . great deal here .   i really love the galaxy note 3 and i have had absolutely no problems with it . i am sorry the newest version (7) has been such a disaster, but i think there must have been a flaw in the sealed waterproof design . i am so glad i settled on the older version, tried and true, for less money, and virtually no down side at all . the galaxy note 3 phone is such an awesome phone i feel very badly for the company at this time . quickly shipped, great product . it's not very good at charging and has some issues but other than that it's a good phone . great phone . works great well worth the money . the pen works great, the screen is just small enough to use one hand if needed but big enough for a descent view . when i looked up some extras on it i found its definitely capable of people who love speed . my favorite phone ever! broke 1 and bought same again :) do not want to upgrade it ever! lol . still working like a charm, i finally made to the 21st century  . this phone works really great . it runs all the latest apps with no freezing or slowdowns . the screen is bright and very sharp . both the front and rear cameras work well, and the flash doubles as a very bright flashlight . it still works flawlessly  .   as of right now it's more of a paper weight .   looked at online was under the impression could switch it over from my galaxy 3 best value for price has under skirt to hide the goodshitch has no sim card  .   when i receive this device i have many options this was the more expensive for replacing my device only reason why i was getting the new samsung phone was because my device has stopped charging so i purchased a charger so that i can charge the battery as well as the phone app on received device i noticed that the screen did not display the actual time as well as it did not charge the phone the original charger for the samsung note was not in the box i received the secondary charger that does not work to charge the phone advised that the merchant please send a new phone and i would send the other back because i didn't want to be without a cell phone i never received any other information regarding my request since then i have purchased batteries so that i can swap the batteries out and charge them through the charger that i purchase that will allow me to charge the battery it's real inconvenient because now i have to spend more money and my phone is not under warranty and i don't want to be without a phone i think that the merchant could have sent out another phone or a new charger to accommodate my situation never again will i purchase devices from this month . this phone is so scratched up . if i knew it looked like this i would have never bought this . it would not work for mobile data . it is fine as a back-up gps on my boat  . it exceeded my expectations and at the best price i found  .   love this phone, it serves perfectly for a college student for small projects and keeping up with appointments and projects  . not a single scratch, dent, or blemish from my evaluation . everything has worked perfectly from the time i opened it put of the box, and i received exactly why was promised . my girl friend wanted a phone that would be better than the generic $40 . i plan on buying a battery for a good deal off amazon for this phone in new condition, which should fix all off her problems i rated this 5 stars to be nice, but in all reality i would give this a 4 out of 5 for the lack of battery porformance . i am not recommend the battery is not working enough . works well . perfect size for me now . my only issue is that i read the description and it average wear and tear . i cannot go without a case around the edges because it is so heavily scratched and chipped that it is literally not comfortable to hold on to . average wear and tear is a very misleading statement in this case . other than that, it's a good phone . i like it alot  .   works as expected :-) . great phone was sent fast and as advertised . great experience .   great seller  .   phone looked like it was brand new .   wonderful phone . i was concerned about buying from a 3rd party but verizon treated me like they sold it to me  .   better than note 4  .  battery life was awesome  .   upgrading from my iphone 4 because i direly missed my samsung galaxy . decided to give it a try and i absolutely love the larger screen and clear display . the 1-day mail device was right in time and reasonably priced . thank you  .   amazingly this works with tracfone . before we used a iphone 4s verizon, bought from amazon and transferred to tracfone byop successfully and everything still works today . the byop process didn't work right away when we tried transferring it online . called tracfone for assistance, blah blah provided information, this that, op nope your phone isn't compatible with tracfone sorry, and bye . however, we tried transferring online again and it worked successfully  . just make sure to go through the steps listed for byop, do it once or twice and image transfer along with data usage should work fine  .   thank you  . was great i love it . love this phone . great features and quality for the price . i also like the android system much better . great value  .   yes good price good phone  .   awsome thank you works like new   .   works as expected i am satisfied . phone freezes a lot and shuts off randomly . couldn't get any service, had to get a new phone from the store (which works great now) didn't mind the minor chips in the sides, but was a total waste of $  .   love this purchase! looks and works perfect  .   nice phone right size for the many things i have to do on hand . amazing condition . works great and i am very happy with the purchase  .   this was a really terrible phone, and after 1 .5 yrs of suffering with it i finally switched back to my old iphone 4s and felt like i performed a major upgrade  .   i am appalled at a large company like samsung for even releasing such a thing onto the market, and the fact that this is a third generation product is completely shameful . the device hardly functions as a phone even, and it overheats insanely (which also burns its own batteries so it doesn't last even half a day)-- frankly if i had energy i would have claimed an ftc complaint or something because i bought a device for a lot of money thinking that it would be a phone and also a capable mobile computing device and instead received a heavy brick that gets no reception and has no battery to make calls and tries to scorch my skin through the pant pocket  .   seriously this makes me wonder if there is a single samsung engineer that actually tried this product  . way cheaper than the new samsung s7 edge which i also purchased and just as functional . the devices are so sophisticated that i can easily get by with a device a couple of years out of date now . i have to be really careful not to damage the s7 battery by over discharging, the note 3, i just get a new $20 or less battery  .   the phone is way better than i dared hope for! several local sellers in the tampa bay area handle this style of phone but i loved amazon's 30-day back promise, and felt much safer ordering through amazon .   phone looks flawless , however it will not charge properly, even when it says its plunged in and charging the phone off it will not increase inpercentagre of battery life , update , after reading up on the problem i decided to try another samsung cable and spent $20 at the local store for a new one , now the phone charges with no problems  .   i never rate anything that i buy, but since i was so skeptical about this phone i feel that it is necessary . it works absolutely perfect . i was scared when i first got it . the camera works great . no complaints  .   best phone i've had in a long time . was stated in "ok" condition, was in awesome condition in my opinion  .   for the most part i am really enjoying this as it's my first foray into this type of product . it's been fun to use and learn all the things it can do  . i'm really liking my phone there are a lot of features i still need to learn  .   i haven't had any problem with my note 3 so far and i love it . love it . great phone . nice phone . very happy with my product  . camera flash doesn't work and it freezes a lot . love the screen size, but the phone not so much . barley made it through 30 days without phone having issues  . i had my first note 3 for a year and loved the phone, i was pretty excited to get this and was severely disappointed . i have a custody hearing today via telephone because the mother killed herself 2000 miles away and we are in the middle of transferring that over . thanks for a perfectly disappointing phone, if need be, i can post screen shots from the social worker 2 times zones away  . ordered april 26th, received may 2nd, dead on may 3rd  .   you can't trust people with your money at all anymore  .   perfect condition . i love my new phone . i definitely would buy from this seller again and will give recommendations  .   loving my pre own samsung galaxy note 3 . no problems for the last two month's . had to get a new battery here on amazon since the one it came with was pretty dead  .   love my galaxy note  .   i bought this for my son and he loves it . the phone is very good for my purposes . the charger was not original and charges very slowly  .   amazing phone . love it  .   so far this has been a great phone . i've had it for about 5 months and i really like it . i hate to pay retail for anything, so this is great . it is working smoothly on a 3rd party verizon network . love the phone . hesitant to write a review until a couple months had passed in case of product failure but here i go . visually the phone was in great condition besides a few spots about 1mm in length in the lower right bezzel where the plastic has been chipped . in the past month, i've experienced a few kinks in the os like the touchscreen not responding for a few seconds and ohone froze once but nothing that a restart couldn't fix . i dont think that this is a problem with the phone but just a byproduct of its aging (3 year old) componants . but these things only happened twice in the last month after heavy usage so i'll give it the benefit of the doubt . overall, getting this phone with its processing power and display was a very good deal for under $200 . would definately suggest getting a case despite the fact that i've dropped it a few times without one and have yet to get any scratches  .   it's ok but need a good battery and not enough memorize enough space by speed . not had any problems yet   .   phone is in good condition . works very well . i am very happy  .   it did not come with the correct charging cord so i had to get a cord . it holds a charge much better now  .   this is a great phone but the flash light does not work . i had to give it 2 stars because everything works except for the light . i was expecting a phone with a few nicks maybe a scratch but i received a phone with a cracked case and very bad chips on the edges of the phone  .   love it . the screen is huge! the graphics and details in the background are outstanding  . i work from home on my phone and i am on my phone 90% of the time so that says a lot about the battery usage  .   excellent smartphone it's like new  .   very happy with purchase and delivery was promt . great deal in amazin . phone works great but i would say the phone was in good condition if not a bit lower . the back leather part has a few scratches on the back, fading around the camera, and looks like fading all in the middle, it kind of looks like there is dust all over the back that wont come off .   phone came on time and as described in great cosmetic condition and working condition . great phone . still an amazing phone for the price  .   if the phone worked correctly it would have received 5 stars . i charged it for 3 hours using multiple chargers only to find out they sent me a phone with a defective charging port  . great product  .   i received my samsung galaxy note 3 it was noted as very good condition it was like mint i love it it's a beast of a phone worth every penny it's huge i will never upgrade from this phone . great phone and in great shape  .   it was great phone ever but i just come to lost it 2 days ago it failed on the floor . lots of scratches paint on the side chipped all over i bought a new one and the back cover was chipped at the bottom but the phone works perfectly . works perfectly! i'd buy again  .   everything was good even though it was a used phone . the phone was working perfectly fine until today . i have never dropped the phone and just simply put it inside my backpack and when i took it out to check the time the screen was completely blacked out on the inside and the outside looked fine with no scratches . i would like to buy another . great phone love it . phone came good condition and with charger however was missing the battery and the usb cable . at fist she wasn't to sure since it was a big change . now that she has been using it she is in love with it . she can now do things for her job much easier than the previous phone she had  .   i love my new phone  .   thank you so much  . it's nice enough to where you don't think of it as an "old phone", and the stylus is pretty cool too . the bigger screen really makes using the phone easier and honestly more likable . surprisingly good battery life  .   wonderful phone . enjoying it very much . i love this phone  . although i had to go buy another charger because the one that was sent was the wrong one and kinda cheap quality . other than that the price i paid for this phone was great  .   highly recommend  .   phone was in pretty good shape . only one minor scuff on the frame . also, delivery exceeded my expectations . great price!everything i had hoped for  .   better than expected . practicality brand new! not one scratch found! had i not knowing it was a refurbishment i'd of never guessed besides the generic charger . i highly recommend this phone its large and does much more than i can think of  . worth the money, love this phone .   amazing phone, looks just like new . came in, turned on, and was ready to be activated . at an awesome price and more than i could have hoped for . couldn't be happier  .   phone was like new works great . i have only had the phone for a short time so far,but everything is working well and it was in great condition when i received it  . i loved this phone for the first 6 months, it worked great for first year and then it was all downhill from there . it barely works now and i've done a full reformat . the worst part is that it fails miserably as a phone . reception is terrible, i miss calls and messages all the time, it locks up and won't let me pickup calls, i just had to power down the phone to hang up on a call, etc  .   works as it should few nicks .   great phone . worked and look just like advertised  .   this is a very good phone it came looking brand new and it works very fast i had no issues getting it activated on a prepaid account through verizon wireless i absolutely love the storage and the way the phone works it was definitely worth the money  .   no lte so many problems i don't know why . little scratch but it is fine .) but the phone itself is in almost perfect condition and its working perfectly . i love it . i love it  .   how many ways can i say i love this phone  . so while doing my research and asking around, i came to discover that this phone is capable of having the battery changed . well, that was a great selling point since my previous phone was only lasting half a day without needing to be recharged . unfortunately, many phones today cannot have their batteries replaced when they are getting older,that is why the samsung galaxy note 3 was so appealing to me . in addition, i am no youngster and need a big screen to see and this phone is perfect for that . it feels great in my hands and so far i am really enjoying using it . it was a great choice  . phone was in perfect condition when i recieved . sometimes applications like gallery stopped and it was not much of a bother . i like it so far until right after posting my review .  now i'm really worried and don't know what to do . phone wad supposed to work like new and not refurbished . phone never cease disappointing me  . you need to re-start the phone everyday to resolve weird issues . i don't recommend it  .   great phone for the money . it is very large and hard to handle, especially while driving, but the screen is awesome . i love the exterior feel and finish . it is a shame to cover it up with a case, but with a phone this big, it will get dropped . good deal and a good phone  .   the device i received had a bad battery . i was not able to explore and enjoy the phone before it gave me problems  . and the top outer case is broken off . but it works good  . works perfectly! just put in my sim card and was good to go  . he always had problems with batteries, but this one withstands his frequent use of the phone . love the product . wish it would have came with the charger that is meant for it, but overall wonderful  . it looks slightly used but the screen is perfect and the back is perfect condition  . it works perfectly, with minor scratches . the cell phone company had no issue of making this phone my primiary cell phone  .   touch screen freezes in certain spots of the screen and i have to reboot it all the time . excellent work  . it was purchased in very good condition and it looked brand new! the sides of the screen don't seem to work as well as the rest, but overall i am very satisfied with the purchase   . listing said it has a bunch of scratches on it . i can honestly say this phone hardly looks used! it has some normal wear on the edges, but looks great otherwise . as for the phone itself, i am blown away by how fast and smooth the apps run, and by how crisp the pictures look . i've been using the cheap prepaid phones for years now, and this one blows it out of the water . i love the size and the pen feature is great .   the phone and all of its features worked just fine . was in good cosmetic condition .   a great phone . the stylus can be very useful when it's cold out  .   for a used phone, it looked good upon arrival . it has worked prefect ever since i got the phone activated  . yeah like it   .   so far so good! the charger plug did not work but i have extra one @ home to charge the phone . phone was in excellent condition . week later: this phone is a blast to use! glad i bought it and didn't break the bank  .   best phone ever . in perfect condition just like new except the stylus is not the one with the soft changeable tip that the phone originally came with . stylus still works fine for my daughter since she had never used the other one before  .   i am very satisfied over half a year after purchase . it was surprisingly easy to have verizon connect my new phone . i lucked out by getting the phone (an older model) for way cheaper than what i found elsewhere and am very happy . thank you  .   i like the product so far . great phone . linked right up to verizon prepaid . the camera is stuck in landscape, so i have to manually rotate pics on edit before sharing them . i have checked numerous sites looking for answers to this issue with no workable solutions . outside of these issues the phone is exactly what i wanted when i ordered it  .   great phone .   great phone, love it . thank u  . i hate my s5 busted before time to renew forcing me to buy a new ohone but no wat i cold aford the s5 or s6 . but i had this type phone before and love it, perfect for keeping up with all i need and i like it bigger cause i like to read alot . so a bigger screen is perfect for the kindle app . i'm very happy with my new phone . it came quickly and in excellent shape . no scratches on the screen . a little dent on the side . it doesn't inhibit my use on the phone in anyway . the pen is also a cool feature and works great  .   i love this phone . not too big, not too small, and fairly easy to navigate if you are used to android phones  . very happy with my new phone  .   had my samsung note3 used for three days now am loving it no problem with it . i have quickly come to find the size of the screen to be far superior to my old s3 . i would never go back to a smaller phone's screen . the note 3 is very detailed, colors are vibrant and i see no pixels even when the image is magnified . i was a bot reluctant to buy a refurbished phone, but breed sent a phone indistinguishable from new . also, the accessories for an older model are far cheaper than the new note 5 . as for the note 5, the lack of a removable battery and sd card were deal breakers for me  .   i absolutely loved the phone and would have given it 4 or 5 stars   .   i made the horrible and could be very dangerous mistake of "upgrading" the system per the prompts   .   now many times i am unable to connect to the network, cannot make calls, cannot text, in other words the basic things you have a mobile phone for are useless . i sure hope i am not out late somewhere and stranded by the side of the road when this happens! of course there is no way to undo the "upgrade" to the operating system, i am now stuck with this phone that way too often does not work at all . worse yet, from what i understand the manufacturer knows this is an issue with this upgrade and yet they are offering no fix, no upgrade to this horrible upgrade . why? i guess they want everyone who made the mistake of approving the prompted upgrade to just buy a new phone! maybe a note 4? anyway, if they cannot be bothered to fix what could be a dangerous situation (out late with no phone service) then i will purchase another phone from another manufacturer next time . until then, because this was so expensive, i will just have to hope i am never in a life or death or emergency situation and have "no network connection"  .   love it . im glad i selected this phone . still alot to learn but glad i have it  .   excellent  .   concerned the product was sold as new and believe it is refurbished - only had couple months and already having issues, son mad at me - (yes he is an it and works on these - he has a note 4) feels it was misrepresented  .   great phone  .   was actually like new  . excellent condition  .   great item was just like described thanks so much  .   the edges all around the phone are all jacked up i didn't say that on the review until i had already purchased it really pissed about but oh well it is what it is . the note 3 has been my favorite smart phone  .   couldn't ask for a better price . love it . awesome phone . awesome seller . everything came perfectly fine . no issues at all  .   good shipping i love the phone i can't complain . i myself own one so i'm pretty satisfied with its performance . in very good condition, it functioned as it is supposed to . easy transfer of account etc  .   excellent product  .   phone was in perfect condition  .   love, love, love this phone . it was cheaper on here then buying it through verizon . this phone works great, i haven't had any major problems with it . the only problems i have had are typical phone problems like it freezing up on me; but after taking the battery out and turning it back on it is fine again and that hasn't even happened as often as other phones i've had . my previous phone was the lg g2, i think the note 3 is a million times better  . works great  . it didnt work at home at all .  i heard nothing but good things about it too . so i decided to purchase the galaxy 5 and absolutely love it . the only bad thing about the phone is that it came with the wrong battery .   it's a great phone . my only complaint is that the phone resets itself, phone back up won't work, and occasionally the lock screen will replace the numbers and alphabets with white square boxes  .   works great . one of the best android phones out there . jumping from phone service carrier to other phone service carriers and i still enjoy it . even though i had repurchased it again when switching to a different phone service provider because i loved it so much . if your looking for an electronic, easy access hand notebook with a efficient camera and a strong battery, this is a great phone choice for you  .   product was most satisfactory  .  appreciate your promptness as well  .  thank you so much  . there wasn't a single scratch on the screen and hardly even a scuff on the frame . this was more than excellent condition  . i love this phone  .   love it . good smart phone . i loved this phone when i first got it and almost two years later i still love it so much . with how often i abuse this phone by randomly dropping it and whatnot, it's a very durable and trustworthy phone . when i upgrade again, i'd love to go through amazon/verizon again to get the newest version of the note  .   nice phone . amazing phone  . loving the phone, in great condition! only down side is that it did not come with a chip, but thankfully i had one from my previous phone  .   very good looking and solid phone . almost like new . no issues in the first 4 months . good price . i like it even more than the note 2 that it replaced . the screen is slightly bigger than the note 2 screen  .   i switched from a samsung galaxy 5 to a galaxy note 3 after having my previous phone stolen - good times . i love the on-screen writing and use it all the time to avoid the other text entry . i get a lot of "oh my god that's huge!" when i take the phone out but i also like the larger screen so i don't have to stress my eyes . very nice phone  . worked fine and still looked like new . loving this new phone! i can actually see the screen! was a little worried bout buying a used phone but so far it's working well except for a freeze up every now and then, but not enough to be annoying . it's been a great phone so far  .   this review is for the note 3 in general, but also as a recommendation for laptopangels if that happens to be the seller somebody might be looking at . i gave laptopangels a 5-star review for sales and shipping, as well as for handling a return with courteous professionalism . i take back every bad thing i've ever said about samsung . the 2-year-old note 3 stacks right up there with every 2015 phone i've had my hands on . my daily driver is a droid turbo, and this note 3 is every bit as much fun to "drive" as my turbo is . i should qualify by saying that the note 3 we eventually bought is still running kitkat 4 .   one big reason we were in the market for an older phone was an increasingly *severe* dislike for lollipop . it was my mistake to steer her toward lg; should've considered the note 3 in the first place . samsung definitely got it right with this one  .   nice phone, very reliable . so i returned it and was promptly refunded . the phone would have been a good purchase  .   awesome purchase  .   its awesome as usual . i lost my old one and this one slipped right into its spot perfectly . i doubt if i will ever buy from the store again . great phone! battery last me all day . would recommend to anyone  . way better than my old lg g2 . if you use your phone a lot, like i do, then it wouldn't hurt to invest in a couple of extra batteries . other then that, phone is great: no lagging, no crashing of any kind  .   great phone . and in great condition  .   this phone arrived in excellent working condition . cosmetically it is in very good condition as well . i'm very happy with this purchase, thank you  .   has a weird glitch once in a while but i can deal with it  .   phone does not work :( . i love my phone . do not be afraid to buy refurbished  .   very satisfied customer  .   great phone! suoer fast and bright color can't complain about the note 3 .   this came right on time and made transfering over contacts easy . perfect phone well constructed and bigger screen for my husbands tired eyes .   it is a steep learning curve expecially for oldsters of diminishing capacity; but it is fun too . it is not very loud and i cannot really get the volume any higher no matter what i've tried  .   good size for long fingers . great screen, although washout is still a problem in the sunlight . very nice photos . strange tendency to fail to get phone signal after i leave my company wifi (reboot fixes this) . like that speaker is on bottom, rather than back .   i hate this phone  .   galaxy note 3 phone if u have a s4s5 or s6 why this phone is the bome u take a pic add it to ur calendar or copy ur work schedule and keep track of ur hrs for work  . best phone ever and will never chance phone again  . she loves it . maybe not as much as i love mine, but a lot . as far as i'm concerned, this is the best smart phone ever made . small enough to fit in a front shirt pocket but big enough for reading a kindle ebook (using the app) . just an amazing device  . i don't regret buying an older model . i do regret not using my other samsung products more like my note pro 12 . great product  .   best phone i've had so far . switched from at&t to verizon with this phone, and glad i did, customer service has been excellent . there were problems with overheating and the battery draining quickly - which you can see via an internet search - verizon replaced the phone, but i found that the problem really seems tied to google updating/syncing photos and videos - once i turned that off (and only do it on demand and when plugged in) the problem seems solved . have not been thrilled by the note feature, but that is probably just my ignorance . excellent camera, and i love the google voice search/response feature (of course, that's an android, not just the note 3) . i am fairly careful with my phones, so haven't put a screensaver on it, nor do i use a case (most of the time) due to the weight - and find the phone and screen to be pretty durable, it still looks like new after about 2 years . it's large, and rather unwieldy, but for my old eyes, ability to see things on the screen makes up for it! it is slim and light enough to not be a problem . the sound is really good too, i almost always use the speakerphone on it for making calls, and like the sound when i play music or listen to audio books (and i'm fussy!) . absolutely love this phone - good price and great shipping - very happy with phone, and amazon in general  .  would definately recommend both  .also upgraded from a note 2 and 4g lte is much better with note 2  . on both both phones when you go below -120 dbm, data link reverts to 3g (or even worse 2g or on the note 3 can show 1xrtt ie . price was good and setup easy . works great and battery life is better than expected  . i saw a friend with this note 3 and knew he would love it! he checked it out in the store and excited about everything but the price! just as we got our upgrade the note 3 went to $1! i grabbed it! he loves it! the screen is big enough for reading, the phablet is small enough to palm! he only has 1 device to keep track of! he doesn't want a tablet at all now! the note 3 runs on the same android 4 . i was concerned about the size, note has a 5 .1 screen, it's only a little smaller and fits my life better! samsung also upgraded s5 to 5 . it's prefect for some and to big for others . if you want a all-in-one go with the note, if you want screen size but smaller phone go with s5! i highly recommend both  .   awesome phone . love it . i waited over a year for this phone and it was worth the wait! great phone  .   phone was received earlier then expected and in great shape! extremely happy with this purchase! thank you  . i am so happy i bought it .   best phone/tablet/media devise i bought so far  .   i love the samsung galaxy note 3 . it's a amazing phone . i'd recommend it to anyone looking for a new phone  .   i love ❤ my new phone ''''… thank for saving me money '''' . i am slow to enter the 21st century . this is my first smart phone . i only paid a penny, and i'm very happy with it . it's fairly easy to use . my kids love playing with the pen, drawing on photos, etc . the colors are beautiful! i am definitely not an apple fan, but i do like siri better than the s voice . she works better, and all my friends say the voice on my phone is creepy - seductive sounding . he's good with technology, and it still took him a while, but it's better  .   just what we expected and in great shape  . i was nervous about the price being so inexpensive what i wold get .  great buy  .   love it does everything i wanted and more . love it  .   love this phone, had a note 2 before and it was great, this one is even better  .   i love this phone . she love it  .   what is there to say! perfect  .   excellent phone! thanks  .   fast shipping, great product, very pleased with everything about transaction  .   the phone is exactly what i wanted but i went to use the flash on my camera for the first time and it unfortunately doesn't work :/ . awesome phone  .   great buy  .   own for 19 months and love this phone . works everywhere with verizon service . not hard to hold due to size actually very comfortable . great features  .   sd cards won't work but phone has plenty of space . met and exceeded all my expectations . love the large screen  . this is an amazing phone . i love photography and i couldn't afford a camera that i wanted so i was looking for a smartphone with amazing pixels . this phone takes clear photos even zoomed all in or out, and beautiful video quality . i will definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a smartphone . what an awesome phone . it is the best  .   i bought this and have not regretted it for a moment . everyone is amazed at what this phone can do  .   very happy with this phone . love this phone . big and beautiful . the screen is very sharp and the colors are so crisp  .   on time and product was great  .   love this phone  .   loving it  .   love, love my phone and was a better price than my service provider offered  .   dare i say, the best assistant available . simply the best phone there is  .   nice phone i had a note 2 the note 3 is way better . love this phone . love it  .   much easier to deal with than going to the stores  .   havent had any issues with the phone . love these phone . this thing works great  .   the screen size is great  .  love the pen  .  my favorite is the ability to handwrite and have it converted to text  .  no problem with battery life  .  fits my needs well  . nobody wants to resolve the problem  . excellent cost for such a powerful device . the phone is beautiful and is just what i wanted . the price was right and the delivery time was excellent . the only issue i had was that i did not know that i needed to call verizon first before it would activate . it seems like amazon could mention that step when they sell a new phone . after several unsuccessful attempts to activate the phone, which is supposed to be automated, i went to the verizon website and found a number i should call prior to letting the phone run the auto-setup and activate the phone . other than that, i am thrilled with my purchase  .   love it  .   i don't use the stylus as much as i thought that i would, but i'm never going back to a smaller screen again  . the picture is so clear and i watch shows and movies on it all the time . the camera is amazing quaility as well . this is a great phone for a woman on the go like me  .   nice phone . love love  .  absolutely, love this phone  .   i am not crazy about verizon . it has a glitch thing about touching the icons and the screen jumps to the next page . still love the phone though . i adore this phone so much i'm contemplating selling my 7" samsung galaxy tab and just using this . the screen is large enough, and the adjustments easy enough to find .   love it . great phone . was skeptical at first because it's an older model . i am glad i bought it . i have both note 4 and note 3 and this is still a great phone at a bargain price  .   if you don't need the latest greatest (s6, s6 edge, note4) this thing is a powerhouse unto itself . i am very happy with my decision and for the price ($20 with 2yr contract) how could i not be  .   bought three of these for different members of my family, they are all in love, fantastic, beautiful phones  .   great phone . the fact that it was only 20 bucks makes it even better  .   love the phone! two days after ordered, it was delivered i was able to activate it! as described, shipping time as shown . love the size . the best part is the special stylus hidden in the phone  .   great phone . i am very satisfied with it . very easy to use and i use many-many functions on it . the battery life is great too, unless i acidentally leave on the wifi or use the gps . these deplete my battery much faster . the only problem with this phone that it is impossible to change contacts, email or texting background dark or black . that's a little disturbing but if you can get over this it is a great device  . works great  .   great phone fast delivery highly recommend . nice display . what spoils the experience is verizon wont live up to a promise made to me the same day .   i love this phone! easy to use and has great features . best phone purchase i've ever made  .   best price for a phone with a new contract anywhere! this is my second time going through amazon wireless and though i had to be persistent with the carrier on bringing over old numbers to new account with the same carrier i was able to get it done, billing is correct and we are very happy . nice upgrade from the note 2  .   just got it today and love it  .   as good as new . happens to say "verizon" on top right, which is lulzy on my sprint device  .   the phone is large enough to see and it fits in my pocket or in a purse pocket . i like all the features . it takes wonderful pictures . i love the visiual voice mail . i took it on a bus trip to savannah ga and 5 peopel wanted one like it . i am still amazed that i was able to purchase the phones at that price . the stylus pen is great and if you start to walk away it beeps . how cool is that  .   great phone great price does everything the note 2 does but better  .   awesome product  .  just like new . l love my phone . good price and the wife loves it  .   good phone . i purchased the verizon galaxy note three i love the condition of the phone but the only thing i hate about it is that it keeps losing service in certain places at my home you gotta be in a certain spot to pick up service and that's just crazy .0 are the most thing that i care i think that it is pretty good deal but sometime i feel this phone is not really optimized well cuz i have lag and freezing frequently so at the end i returned all but for the price, it is a good deal . great phone  .   love it . the phone is in perfect working order . its a great addition . we had an issue with the charger in the beginning which was resolved rather quickly .   we bought 2 used note3 & neither one had any problems, flaws or scratches . they work great & the price was great! the company promptly got them to us within 3 days . i would recommend this product and company to anyone  .   great phone  .  defiently worth getting . i was a bit worried about buying something like a phone online but so far this phone is amazing i just ordered a case for it . super awesome  . it the best investment  .   have to continuously take battery and sims card out to change from landscape mode on internet and photos sucks for a new phone . great phone, perfect size . easy to switch from iphone 4 to samsung and android even with some adjustment time . i'm always pleased to finally have a phone that's easy to read and often takes place of a tablet  .   still have it today and love it over my previous iphones  . there was an issue with the camera, but they were great and worked with me to get the part to fix the issue before a big event came up . i was replacing an lg g2 that i had, after many drops, finally killed and had no insurance on . i liked the g2, but i have to say, i love the note 3 . i love the size, which is so much easier on my eyes . i draw, so i do find the s pen really useful for doodling on the phone . i don't do any heavy gaming, so i've had no issues with lagging or memory . it does have bloatware that samsung should really let you delete, but other than that, this phone knocks it out of the park, especially for a phone that isn't on the bleeding edge any more . best phone i ever had  .   the software update always failed hence it refused to function properly  .   i absolutely love my new phone it looked brand new . love this phone . even if it's a little over a year old, it's still such an improvement over my note 2 . the only problem i have with it is that sometimes after getting a push notification, the screen doesn't time out . phone is like brand new . everything works great  .   great phone . it's an alright, solid phone . the pen is a great feature for drawing and editing photos . its a little wide making it hard to put in a pocket or do one handed . this phone is however only slightly bigger than an s5 . it has a good processor and is easy to use . it sounds like your underwater . the camera is also poor and i have difficulty getting a sharp image  .   love my new note 3! great features  .  one being that i can actually see it! i was worried about moving away from my old smart phone with a slide out keyboard as i'm part of the  .  more mature crowd and my eyes & fingers aren't what they used to be . no problems whatsoever  .  i text like a pro on this  . it works great on the pageplus service, i have no complaints  .   who needs a note 4 and 5 when the original is the bomb diggity  .   i love this phone and its s pen . it is user friendly, the screen is big and clear . i love this phone, i cant imagine what it is missing or what has been upgraded in the newer models . very satisfied with this purchase  .   phone arrived on time and phone features work well, however the camera on this phone is horrible . worst yet is that no matter if you set your flash to on it does not flash  . i am very very unhappy and dissatisfied because i bought this phone because everyone raved about the camera . i used the camera quite a bit for my business so it is important to me . i'm sorry that i didn't realize sooner that the poor focus and shaky pictures were due in part to the flash completely not working . clearly this phone was not fully tested before they sent it to me :( i will never buy electronics from amazon again  .   this was a used phone but looked brand new everything is perfect defiantly worth the money  .   best phone ever  .   i love samsung . love it .   phone was in excellent cosmetic condition but  .   it shuts off and freezes alot! i have to remove case then take back off 2 remove battery each time . this is a great phone  . i have the galaxy s5 and love it, but am a little jealous of that my hubby has this one . samsung and verizon did their best to cripple the features of android phones that attracted me after palm os went away . hate to have to research ways to get around restrictions that shouldn't exist  . enjoying the update from my old phone, larger screen, added apps . good choice, i think  .   love it  .   there have been multiple problems with the update . my particular problem has been if the phone is in a no coverage area for a length of time, when you get back into a coverage area it will not pick the signal back up until you reboot the phone . i am now waiting on my 3rd phone from verizon to deal with this and their only remedy at this point is not to install the update . look online before you consider updating and read all the issues with this update . i have literally moved from the worst phone i have ever owned to the absolute best phone i have ever owned . pros: quad core replaceable / up-gradable battery beautiful display s-pen call quality available accessories app compatibility cons: i'll let you know if i find one . love it  .   great phone unlimited capabilities specially when you expand it with the usb otg that allows you to be able to do so much more .   kudos to samsung  .   great product and fast shipping  .   phones works but some of the sensors do not work on the front and the phone lags  .   excellent phone, excellent service   .   works as advertized, provides very good protection  .   love it  .   very good  . it's like new  .   excellent product with amazing quality . worked right out of the package  .   ok till someone stole it out of my handbag at a party now i have to deal with verizon to cxl the service . fantastic, never had a smartphone before, and it's nice to know that it is user friendly . very much fun, and going to have a heck of a time figuring all the cool things out . i especially love the stylus since i hate using my fingers to work on a screen . i always feel like my fingers are going to smudge up the screen, so the stylus really helps me out with that . excellent phone, and tons of fun . i love it  .   i love it  .   i love my galaxy note 3! the screen image is amazing  .   this is a great device . as a prolific tablet pc pen user, having a pen for my phone takes me back to my palm days . my only issue is the lack of standard non-bulky cases for this phone  .   best phone i have ever had  . i just love it  .  i just love it   .  and the size is wonderful  .   super note  .   awesome phone/tablet for those of us with older eyes .   great phone . fast shipping . can't download music with it for some reason not happy about that . great item and easy to adjust to  .   keeps getting better and better  .   great phablet . the stylus is a pleasure to use and the battery life lasts a good while even with heavy use . love taking notes with the s note app that was pre-installed . overall i would recommend the note 3 to others  .   i love this phone  .   great phone at a great price .   purchased this smart phone for the wife . she absolutely loves it . she says that the screen is very clear, it takes awesome pictures, and it's easy to see . she has a problem with the vision in her right eye, but because of the large display she can easily see the text and pictures  .   a fan of the motorola droids i was little leery to make a change . it was pretty much all plastic and felt cheap, so i decided to try the note . i did a lot of research and the note 4 for the price wasn't really worth the $299 especially with the note 3 at $99 for almost the same specs (now only $1) . beautiful display extremely responsive intuitive metal bezel feels sturdy, gives a little heft, but the phone is in no way heavy even better with go launcher i've barely used my tablet, because the screen is so clear and just big enough to do anything i want . many more features made me fall in love with the note 3  . i love it . it only had like one tiny dent, it looks basically new . the phone works well, it was cleared off all i had to do was insert my sd card . it is quite good for the price, hundreds less than new from verizon but works amazing! i've had it well over a month and no problems yet .   love it . wish i could have gotten the note 4 but this is good for now  .   this phone is fabulous! i had an iphone 4, and really didn't need anything fancy or better but got tired of the updates and being it was a 4, it was too old for many newer things . i wanted something that i could read books on that is large enough like a kindle, but use as a phone as well . i call it awesome! perfect in size to read books, not too big that it still is ok to use as phone while holding it up to your ear . it is bigger than most phones, but with all the features as hands-free, gestures and so many features i am still learning about, i recommend this to anyone wanting the cross between a tablet and a cell phone . many others give great detail to the phone, i am simply going to say its fast, battery lasts longs (if you remember to close applications you're not using) so many smart features, and way better than iphone 4 . i love android and all the same apps pretty much as itunes has plus google play store, kindle app for books  .   love it  .   really nice size phone if you like them this big . everything is working nicely so far . so far, so good  .   i am satisfied with new phone, only thing, just a month after i got this phone, samsung came out with galaxy 4 note . there was dust on the phone (underneath the packaging, which scratched the screen) and the earbuds were missing . the screen is so easy to see . my only complaint is the way it starts acting funny when the battery gets down to about 20% (which doesn't happen much) . it doesn't respond as good if the battery gets to that low  .   great phone . great phone  .   this is definitely the best phone i've owned . my previous were the samsung fascinate (galaxy 1) and then the galaxy s3 . i have always prefered samsung devices . i like apples hardware but i hate ios, so i stick to android devices . after playing around with one for a bit i just wasn't crazy about it . it seemed bigger than my s3 by a noticeable amount, and had some annoying features that were unable to be turned off . i didn't care about the s health or anything like that . it is a large phone, but its actually not that much bigger than an s5 . an s5 with an otterbox is bigger than my note with a slim grip case . i have now had the phone for a couple months and pocketing it is no big deal at all . also the note has awesome features . s-window is really cool, as well as scrapbooker . s-note is useful for reminders or jotting down a number or something really quick . s-draw is really cool to use . the pen even comes in handy for texting and normal web use . its screen is also really nice not quite 1080p but its 720p . it looks just fine i watch videos on it all the time . all in all i highly recommend the note 3 . its more expensive and has some slightly annoying features though . just got this phone a month or so back and i really like it . extremely easy to navigate through the features . decent upgrade from previous samsung tech  .   love it  . we love our phones nice size screen and very high tech i am glad i chose the note 3 it's an amazing phone . this phone is so beautiful the rose gold makes it outstanding . my husband got me this phone as a surprise and i was stunned when i opened up the box .   i love this phone .   great phone, fast shipping . love it  .   love my note 3  .  the only problem i'm having is i cannot seem to sign on to my home network  .  no clue what the problem is  .   my wife loves this phone, it is amazing . awesome phone very satisified  .   great phone . awesome phone . wow  .   i had long ago decided to replace my aging droid bionic with a samsung galaxy s4, but a phone guru friend recommended that i consider the note 3 instead of a galaxy s4 as a replacement for my old, tired and broken droid bionic . when i placed the amazon order for the note 3, i wondered if $385, versus $250 for a galaxy s4, was well spent . well, after spending several hours learning how to use my "loaded with features note 3", i am happy that i spent the additional $135 . compared to my bionic (not a fair comparison i know) the note 3 is screaming fast, and has lots of features that i hope to master in a month or two . if a potential user checks-out any of the dozen or so youtube videos re the outstanding features of the note 3 (snapdragon quad 800, great gpu, 3mb ram, stylus and on and on) and you might consider the note 3 (or note 4 if price is no consequence) as your next smart phone . i found several reviews comparing the note 3 to the note 4 that recommend the user stay with their note 3 unless upgrading to a note 4 is virtually free . one reviewer indicated that by late 2015 a successor to the note 4 will be available with many improvements (though i can't imagine what can be done to improve the note platform) . my note 3 is another samsung gem  .   excellent phone . love the features  .   i liked it, but it gets laggy and bogged down with heavy use . nice sized screen . to me a higher quality product better build too  .   love, love, love it  .   this is my first smartphone and i love it . the first three days i was like  . it does allow for split screen and doing multiwork . for example i can split screen and have txt messages on one side and web browser on the other . and don't forget the stylus! i had some people tell me it was gimmicky but i really like it . when making notes and reminders its much easier than typing and i like to use it for alot of games as well since it is more precise than using my finger  . great product and great seller  . i love the android os and will not in the foreseeable future switch back to ios  .   love the big screen  .   great phone  .  i love the bigger size  .   great sound  .  a great buy  .   best phone i've ever had .   pros: fast, boat load of features, sturdy cons: spam! google will shove about 10 apps down your throat, samsung another 6 as well as verizon (not actual #'s estimated) . low speaker volume dual window mode only works with a small amount of apps  .   very user friendly and offers many new features  .   i love it  .   love it so easy to use and excellent camera quality . phone in amazing condition . very happy  . this posting review is quite late, but even now as i still have the phone it works great with no issues at all  .   i love this phone! i can finally see what is taking place on the screen . very user friendly and stylish  .   very pleased with my samsung galaxy note 3 . good product prompt delivery . battey life is pretty good . nice sharp screen . love the s-pen  .   love the screen size . got the uag case for it which fit nice and snug . so far i've had it for a few months and it's beautiful  .   love this phone  .   love it . excellent phone to match with my samsung tv,the screen is the best that iv seen out there,this phone is big,fat and long and my wife loves it and its true the bigger the better  .   love this phone:) . exceeded expectations in every way  .   great phone with all capabilities of a smart phone and small note book  . the note 3 is a great rendition of the android operating system; it's only shortcomings are really from the os, not the hardware .physically, it doesn't feel as big as its size, compared to other phones on the market, and samsung has added some of their own tweaks to make the size even less of an issue - my biggest complaint is that too many of the apps, and the interface itself, simply make everything bigger on the big screen, rather than taking advantage of the size to include more usable content   .   there's no reason why a screen this size still only has 4 columns of app icons! but there are other front-ends available that remedy that situation, making the note 3 an even better tool . the phone works well, but its interface is just about the worst i've seen; again, it's an os issue, and android needs to 'borrow' some ideas from hp's excellent-but-defunct webos . connectivity has been excellent, both 4g and wi-fi; the 13mp camera is outstanding, the s-pen makes editing, sketching and note-taking a breeze  .   i love amazon . when i got this phone i loved it! it was awesome, big, fast, lasted all day, great camera, great reception! then they "upgraded" my operating system to kitkat and that all changed! ok, it's still big  .   kitkat turned my phone into a brick! i did not move, but i could no longer make or receive calls at home! just got a "network not available" message or something like that . battery went to the potty, and the worst was the formerly awesome camera became practically useless because now when you tapped the shutter button, you had to wait about 3 seconds (no exaggeration) for the picture to take . total brick, and total waste of my money . thanks for nothing verizon, or samsung, or whoever's fault this is - because no matter who you call it's always the "other's one" fault  .   best smartphone yet . love the larger size and pen feature . very fast operating system and longest battery life i've had  .   bigger is better . only gripe is i'm not confident the silver around the phone will last . still awesome  .   best phone i've had yet . i love it . i was really excited to get this phone - my old one was really doggin it . my husband had gotten one earlier and really likes his . he replaced it and we thought it was just an unusual occurrance . well, the second day after i bought mine i was squeezing the sides as i pushed the buttons to raise the volume and suddenly noticed that it had cracks across the screen . i started reading of other people having problems with the screen cracking and having to replace this screen multiple times .   i love this phone . i really like the big screen and all of the cool features it has that i'm still figuring out . and it was such a good deal, $100 less than the verizon website  .   complicated and not at all intuitive compared to apple products .   awesome deal thru and thru  .   was very easy to switch from my old phone  .   great phone .   absolutely love my phone . i will be upgrading to the note 4 instead of the iphone 6 plus due to how much i loved my current phone . display is the perfect size  . it is fast and fun! the galaxy note phones are excellent for anyone wanting to use less paper . i just love it  .   am enjoying my upgrade from a razr maxx . wanted/needed a bigger screen . i did find that the bare phone was very slippery - was always afraid it would slip from my hand . a simple case (from amazon) took care of that 'problem' nicely  .   very pleased with phone the color and quality of is better the expected  .  great phone would recommend it to anyone . it's a really great phone, but if you live in california watch out: you gonna have to pay the tax for the *full price* of the phone, not for the price you pay for amazon wireless . thank you california, that absolutely unreasonable  .   love this phone, it is absolutely great . the stylus is a godsend for writing quick notes, and has a bad ass battery life . works for 2 plus days and i drive through a buncha low signal areas . the size is not an issue as i'm a pretty big guy with big hands, but even my girlfriend (5'4") has one and loves her screen too . highly recommend this phone  .   one of my best buys . i am a person who does not run to purchase a new trendy item . i also like the size of this phone, it is large enough to enjoy without being too big or too little  .   excellent phone  .  after that get ready to be wowed  .  love especially the included pen/stylus  .  if you're a former palm freak like me you're in heaven (again)  .  sooo much better than an iphone  .  priced very reasonable  .  excellent delivery and easy setup and sync for your old phone  .   there appears to be a software glitch where the camera phone flash comes on and stays on .   i love this phone my wife can attest to me being hard to be satisfied with phone . for the 1st week i said everyday "did i tell you i love this phone today?" my only word of advice is to be home when it is delivered and be the one to open it so your 20 year old son doesn't open it while being helpful and break your stylus before you get home .   love my new phone . purchased using my verizon upgrade and it was $100 cheaper than what verizon was asking  .   the samsung galaxy note 3 is a powerful personal pocket computer that you can also use as a phone as well . it's fast, smooth and the battery life is fantastic . if your a doodler like me the s-pen in combination with sketchbook for galaxy is top class when it comes to digital art applications . i would recommend downloading the google now launcher as opposed to using the standard tocuhwiz that the phone comes with as it is a little clunky and if you have a google account that you use frequently the launcher really makes the experience personalized and it's scary accurate . the only downside to this phone is speaker quality without headphones  .   i bought note 3 for its capability to hand write, multi windows, and bigger screen . then, the resolution of the bigger screen is not the best, multi window operation is very cumbersome, especially when you want to type something, and for the hand writing capability, hand writing recognition is poor, making hand writing very slow, and the screen is not sensitive to the stylus . the only thing that impresses me is its battery, fast charging and long lasting . remember, this is well before (one year ahead of) iphone6 and iphone6 plus  .   the note series may be a little big, but they are the best smart phones i have owned so far  .   the best cell phone i've ever bought . easy use bright brilliant display, pictures come out beautiful . easy to communicate between all my devices .   great phone . have had it over a month now and am extremely pleased with the note 3 . the samsung galaxy note 3 has a solid reputation and rather than wait for the note 4 with no track record i opted for the note 3 . glad i did . only one caveat i have found is do not buy a protective case that has a magnetic closure tab because that can interfere with the note hand writing function . have had no issues getting used to thise phablet sized phone . in fact i find i'm preferring it because the screen is larger, makes texting much easier . camera is surprisingly good for indoor photos but finding it's not as great for brightly lit scenes such as taking shots of landscapes using auto . better off using the manual settings for that  .   this is an excellent phone . i could sit here and go through all the specs on the phone highlighting how it excels in almost every single one of them but i'm not going to do that . i will tell you the phone is by far and away my tops of all time owning them . i know the note 4 just dropped as well as google's new nexus, but if you are looking for a better value price wise this is an excellent option  .   i so love this phone . i really like this phone! due to it's size the text is a little larger & easier to read . much faster than my samsung s3 . much improved camera with more functions  .   great smart phone . light weight, stylish and modern  . love my note 3 . sometimes have had issues with phone call quality, but otherwise the phone is great buy  .  love samsung products . finally something that has my heart this is the best phone i have ever owned . it is big enough for viewing and i love the touch enlarging . battery lasts all day even with steady use . i love the way it can be customized to fit your needs . tons of emails every day make this note 3 my best choice for a phone no matter what the needs you have  .   excellent device, great process of delivery  . awesome phone . very happy with it  .   my husband is very happy with this cellphone . the phone is super great, meets all specifications . what my husband does not like are the two year contract  .   best phone . best battery life than any other android phone i have had . the recent update killed the ease of use and coverting text from handwriting to text . fast response . still just as fast responding to touch and opening apps as day one . this is a minor complaint only . unless you are doing a lot of stuff while charging this device does not get hot to the touch . charges fast from dead to full charge .5 amp car charger which it charges faster with . the app the phone comes with is the best app but the app does need improvement though this is not the phones fault . my internet speed tops at 40mb/s and the phone wifi can do it . i have the verizon 4g lte and the lte i have seen push 60mb/s for speeds so again the phone ability for strong and fast signal is impressive . a bunch of other things positive and negative . i am disappointed in samsung and their lack more rather restrictions of app abilities but this is not the phone fault . great phone and best i have had  .   i was really worried about how big this phone was . the big screen makes things really easy to read and makes the multitasking/multiwindow feature really easy to use . the stylus is accurate and the preinstalled sketchpad app by autodesk is pretty awesome! it stays in my pocket well enough because it is so big . i never worry about it falling out . wonderful phone, can't see wanting to get rid of this one any time soon  .   best phone on the planet hands down   .   this would be a good phone if the charging cables worked, i'm on my second charger and this one is requesting that i use my original charger . which doesn't work any more . don't waste your money  . it freezes up & i can not open any page . i receive calls & then it hangs up . while typing it freezes up & won't move, then it types 4-5 of the same letters . many more issues  .   purchased this for my mom since she loves the giant screen and has a hard time reading small font . however, imo, between the screen and battery life, that's all i like about this phone . i hate samsung's bloatware, joke of a ui, and their build construction . coming from several years of using apple products and now the new htc one m8, the samsung phones feel like children toys . to be fair, there are some intuitive features about the note 3 (use of stylus) but i just can't stand how much bloatware is on this thing . but since i've had to help teach my mom how to use this thing, well, maybe the ui is better off for someone like her . the smartphone is fully functional in it's condition, but if you are like me and want a pure android feel, stay clear from this phone  .   i absolutely love this phone, with it's giant screen and easy to read menus, and countless options for customizing apps and appearance . when i look at smaller phones now i just shake my head & laugh :) . love this phone  .  no issues  . if you dont think you will use the stylus, buy the cheaper model . fantastic  .   i love it! i thought it was going to be too big to handle but it turns out that immediately, i wonder how i worked with my small droid rzar . i don't know yet all it does but i'm enjoying the learning process  .   i upgraded to the note 3 from the note ii . i love it! nice big display, awesome camera, and great verizon service  .   i love this phone lot better than iphone . best phone available, until the note 4 comes out  .   got my phone fast and works and looks great . very happy with the phone, unfortunately i didn't read the small print and it doesn't have a charger so have to go out and purchase one  .   love this phone, can't complain . if you treat it right and turn off power-hungry settings and it won't die on you . i take work notes on it, personal notes, grocery lists, and the screen is to die for . excellent phone, especially for people with vision problems . everything about this phone is great  .   amazing phone, just 2 things . when i received the phone the battery was running out of power way too fast and also the charger did not work properly . if these 2 things worked when i received it then i would've easily gave this 5 stars . other than that the note 3 is an amazing phone  .   great price  . i am very pleased  .   great phone, i upgraded from the note 2  . no, voice service isn't great but  .   who the hell wants to talk on the phone these days  .   this thing got cheap as hell with the note 4 coming out  . yes, samsung's service is embarrassingly bad, but take care of your phone and you won't need it  .   awesome phone . fast, easy to read, nice reception everywhere .   great device . my wife loved this as a gift . best phone i've had . also, very impressed with the amazon activation process  .   this phone is amazing  .   love this phone . you don't know how good it is until you get it  .   this is my best phone ever . no problems with apps crashing or conflicting . the battery life is amazing and lasts all day even if i play music and games . plus, the deal i got on this through amazon was the best one out there .   a phone this expensive and no flash player minus 1 star . i went from an old flip phone to this and although i still don't know everything it does (need to take a class!) i just love it . really love the "note" taking capacity with the stylus - and being able to draw a diagram on occasion is really a plus  . and the size - it's like having large print everything! perfect for people who can never find their readers  .   so far it's the best phone i have had, it's a bit big but i like that  .   i brought one for my brother for christmas and it was so well liked by him when my husband's phone broke i brought him this phone to replace his and then my daughter wanted one . they are useful and functional and work well to house everything from important documents to games and music  .   this is a great phone . nice features and sharp bright image quality  . note 2 screen cracks easily and i suspects that this "gorilla" glass will break easily too . just make sure you have a protective case just in case you drop it . battery life is exceptional compare to note 2 and droid razor . pictures are exquisite compare to the iphone according to several i phone owners that saw my pictures  . my biggest complaint is the battery life . everyday at a normal use (2-3 calls, 1-2 hour web or stock watch, the rest is standby), the battery drains out and shut down by itself at night . the rest of the features are fine  .   love  .   great phone upgraded from my note 2! i like that the stylist securely fits the opening more easily than the 2  . that is unnaceptable and poor quality control and design on samsung's part . it's unfortunate as the phone has great features but it does no good if you can't charge the phones properly . so beware, you could have battery, charging problems after a few months  .   best phone ever  . only thing i'm not fond of is the outside bezel, the chrome chips quite easily . also if you need to replace the screen, it requires pretty much the entire assembly to be replaced  .   excellent process  .  and the phone is fantastic  .   love, love, love this phone .   coming from samsung galaxy s3, this was a decent jump . fits perfect in my hands -- i have been using this phone for several weeks now, it is probably the best smartphone in my opinion as of writing this review . i do dislike the crap-ware built in by verizon, cannot get rid if it unless one roots the phone .   4 stars because phone came in wrong color . i didn't feel like replacing it . best phone i have owned to date, hands down  .   love my phone . easy to see and my kids refer to it as the brick, because it is so big . i am so happy with this phone . upgraded from a razr for the larger screen . i have to say, i am impressed with amazon - they sent a separate email with activation instructions / phone # which took maybe 2 minutes, immediate activation ! i am amazed with the capabilities of this phone - the clarity of the screen is fantastic . love it ! thanks amazon   . l still love it . the drawback is its size . l hare small hands and it can be difficult to grasp because it is big . the size is why i bought it though - l wanted the big screen and it is worth it . i did put a case on it but it is a lightweight one that only covers the edges and back . samsung does have a lot of useless programs that come pre-installed but i haven't had issues with those . if the battery seems to be draining quickly, clearing the cache and restarting the phone seems to solve the problem . the on-screen keyboard is easier to use on the bigger screen . the split windows are now useable . games are easier to play . everything is easier to read . one more drawback is that the volume buttons and power button are directly opposite of each other . the screens look the same only bigger  .   best phone/computer ever  .   this is by far the best phone on the planet . the improvements are so vast it would take me all day to explain them . if you want a really good smart phone, with a screen just slightly smaller than a tablet, that can do just about anything you can imagine, then this would be the phone for you  .   you'll get a better deal  . also as a side note, samsung makes a smart watch that goes with this bad boy . totally incredible technology  .   could be a little more ergonomic with respect to the placement of the buttons, but otherwise an outstanding smartphone . it functions exactly as i hoped it would and i would recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing a quality large screen smartphone  .   best phone i've ever owned so far .   this phone is the best  .   it was so easy to set up . easy to use, long battery life time, has so many awesome features  . this is the best phone i have ever used . the bigger screen allows you to do business like you are at a computer . amazon is the best place to purchase these phones as well  .   i researched the crap out of this phone . pros -big battery, good life -its a samsung phone(usually quick to update and support a device 2 years out) -32gb storage -the pen is great for a taking quick notes cons -my hands cover the speaker often, maybe that's just how i hold it -above average amounts of bloatware . other -don't care about the fake leather backing, i have a case on it . much easier than evernote  .   probably the most powerful, capable phones of all on the market . especially good is that you can open more than one app at a time, and that it links to accessories like watches .   best phone i've ever had! truly stable . i've been late catching up on phones but compatibility is important to me via windows and this phone has it . simply impressed and i do recommend  .   i love this phone's features but i've had to replace it twice in 6 months, first it wouldn't charge, now it's booting down and restarting itself and verizon only wants to replace with a "like new" or refurbished phone  .   it's going to be a while before i learn how to use everything this phone can do but it's still quite useable without any training at all . i love the size of it . getting on the internet isn't an exercise in frustration with this phone . my dad said he wanted the rose gold model . at first i was reluctant to get him it, because it looks a bit tacky in the pictures . in person, it works quite well and makes the device look premium especially if you pair it with a nice case . i found the overall experience consistent with what i've read online: sure it's a big form factor, but the giant screen is really easy to look at/work with . the pen works well, but is still a bit of a gimmicky feature  .   i love my note 3! it does everything well . i have a new tab 3 and still prefer to use my phone for most tasks i could do on the tablet . i plan to upgrade to the next model when its available  .   i have had this phone for a little over a month now and am extremely happy with it . i love everything about it except the visual voicemail update that wont go away .   i won't go into this any further as it will just spark more rants about unwanted software/bloat ware . the problem with this particular piece of crapware is that notifications continually pop up and sit in the notifications bar at the top of the phone . if you clear it, it comes back, and there is no way to turn it off either! this is the reason for taking off 1 star off the phone''s rating . other than that, the phone is a real performer, takes wonderful pictures and video and is still slim enough to fit nicely in my back pocket . the larger display is just awesome and the pen works great too . this phone would be a perfect 10+ without the software/bloat ware thing . but hey, where would the world be without annoying salespeople trying to sell you what you don''t want or need? anyway, the battery life has been great for me . i went from the droid razr maxx to this phone and i loved that phone, well i thought i did until i got this phone . i was hesitant going away from motorola equipment, as i have always had some sort of motorola device because they are made so well . really glad i made this switch  .   good battery life . i can actually use it because there is enough screen real estate for me to see what i'm doing . sure, it's the readers digest version of smart phones, but it's much more handy than the rezound it replaced . one thing that i really like is that i can make phone calls with this phone . i came to hate the htc phone interface, but this one is easy to use  .   i use this phone for work as a realtor . great gps and apps . very quick response and takes great photos  .  i had the iphone 4s and have to say i did not think it was worth the price . this samsung galaxy note 3 however is worth every penny . i'm not a techno genius and you don't need to be with this phone . the calls are clear  .  the display is vibrant and easy to see (love the larger screen)  . all in all i say it is the best phone even though the galaxy s5 has hit the market  . the note 3 is the finest device ever made, period . i can't imagine texting or browsing or watching on something smaller than this now that i've had it for a while . the camera takes great pics & video, very fast . i'm also quite happy with verizon so far . fast data downloads and much better call clarity & service in my area than other carriers i've tried  . it's like a computer in your pocket . the camera takes the greatest pictures . all i can say is wow  .   when i bought work fine but 15 days stopped working you're going to waste your money the only good thing is that amazon helped me get my money back . a few tiny quirks that samsung coulda make a little better, but very small making my rating absolutely excellent in whole! really love the phone and the multiple of things that can be done with it  . highly recommended to anyone thinking about purchasing  .   big hd screen (5 .7"), great cameras (front and back), fast cpu, pen thing (i use it quiet often)  .   a very solid device indeed . recommend  .   great screen resolution . takes excellent photos . most of all i love it because it is larger and i can read the screen without glasses  .   the only downside is it won't fit in all pockets . in fact, this is one of the best phones that i have ever used . light, fast, and stunningly beautiful . it makes my note 2 look atrocious  .   got this for a christmas present for my wife ans she absolutely loves it . easy to set up . she really likes to be able to write hand written notes with the s pen  .   very good  .   no problems once so ever and cheaper than going into the store .i think i made the right decision thank you . what an incredible awesome piece of tech! super fast, love the screen size . there has been some teasing from my work pals about the size though .   my first one crashed on its automatic attempt to update the software . amazon in their usual pleasant and expedited means, shipped a replacement and walked through some manual steps to ensure the new data contract matched he new phone . i love the stylus and the apps, the size, the features . this is my 2nd favorite device next to the 12 inch galaxy note tablet . when apple quit updating my perfectly operable 1st gen ipad, i ran into the arms of android . in the time i left android for favor of my ipad, they have come so far and surpass ios . sadly, i feel like ipad and iphones are mere toys in comparison . they are great gadgets but the galaxy note line lets someone have fun and get work done . i can multitask like a nut on this thing .   it pretty much exceeded all my expectations . i suggest getting the new glass like protective lens for it because like all phones it will scratch  . i purchased a note 2 when it first came out and loved it so i decided to go with the note 3 and it is an even better version of an already great phone . i've already rooted and installed the hyper drive rom but even without the extras of a custom rom this phone has so many features that make it a fantastic productivity tool . the s pen alone is something that i use literally every day at work to take meeting notes . i work with meeting software that allows you to share your screen so i can do that while also taking nones on my note 3 without showing everyone what i'm writing down . fantastic phone with a great price here on amazon, couldn't be happier  . good price . good buy . recommend to protect an expensive device  .   so many things i love about this . size is definitely important no matter what your wife tells you! lol . other than the size, it has lots of very cool and useful things .   i've had this phone for a week and i love it . it's not too big for me . beautiful display and great functionality! i don't even know a fraction of what this phone can do  .   this phone is probably the biggest and most usable phone . overall it's a great phone but when i ordered it i was told that the phone is brand new i've been having charging issues shortly after i got it .the power cord as well keeps saying use the charger that came with the phone i have been and still it's acting up went to verizon got a new charger still receiving the same message and amazon wants me too pay 700 hundred for a new send my old one back then when it's received place my money back in my account or send it in and be without a phone for how ever many days . this sucks and bites . now the phone, i love love love everything about it . it is big in size, but how many people have a smartphone plus a tablet . i love how everything is in one . i was always in love with the android operating system, so i never really had much of a problem . i found i got really frustrated with apple products a lot, and switching to the iphone was the biggest regret i had made . i just don't like how everything is set up for you and you can't really customize anything . secondly, i love how the note syncs with my google account, from my gmail to my calendar and my contacts . cons: speaker is on the bottom, so if you watch a movie in landscape, you'll feel like your hearing is off .   i love it  .   the phone is amazing and has so many options that i don't even know how to use most of them yet  .   this phone is an amazing phone/tablet/toy/tool . it performs very well at each purpose that i bought it for . i have had it for about 3 months now and have never regretted it . the large screen is very clear and very vivid . watching videos, editing photos and surfing the web are very easy with this screen . they camera is the best i have used on a mobile device and is the envy of my iphone loving wife . the pictures are very clear and detailed . and it is very easy to use . i think it serves a very good purpose for replacing a tablet and smartphone with one device . if you are one of the kool-aid drinking apple fans this can be the salvation to your addiction . iphones are puny junk when compared to this thing . the removable storage is one of the many features that apple refuses to allow in the iphones and which i absolutely require in all of my devices . the only drawback is the lack of accessories . this, in my opinion, is a compliment to the fact that it is a tool and not a gadget to be used by self-obsessed, do-nothing hipsters living off mommy's money . it is a device for working, multitasking living people that want to enjoy their phone and not sit around waiting to waste their money on the next "upgrade . as an android enthusiast first having a droid x, then galaxy nexus, then that broke and went back to a droid x2 . i also was an avid custom rom user . final thoughts: love it, best phone yet . lte is blazing fast, seems to turn on faster than huge screen with gorilla glass 3 (you wouldn't believe the difference even from galaxy nexus with it's "scratch resistant" glass) .7inch screen you better believe it will suck down power . you can root it, it's a pain but it's doable . custom built in camera and gallery apps are not as good as stock but still pretty good . the phone will charge from 0-100 in like 40 minutes with the usb 3 cable . transferring files is extremely fast with the usb 3 cable (must have a usb 3 port which most new laptops and motherboards have) . usb 2 cables and chargers still work with it, the charge is just a little slower . don't freak out when you see the new male portion of the usb cable, it's not proprietary, it's usb 3 and it is still backwards compatible (the right side of the usb 3 cable is the same as just usb 2) . the bloatware is annoying but it's to be expected . nfc doesn't work with google wallet even rooted- annoying, but i think then are working on it . s pen is useless for me . waste of space in the handset . i'm sure it's useful for some . it's good for defacing pictures of people that you take . final thoughts: love it, best phone yet . i'll be glad to answer any questions  .   i love this phone . this is my first smart phone but it has been easy to learn the different features . the graphics are clear and concise, easy to see and read . the rose gold is an excellent color too  .   amazing! nothing but good reviews here . love it, it does everything i expected it to do .  my precious  .   this is the best phone i have ever owned  .   this phone is beautiful  .  features galore  .   screen is stunning feels great in the hand and super fast  .   the only down fall i could see is the size for some ppl  .   size is perfect for me though . i had the note ii and this phone has been a great update to an old favorite . brighter screen, faster processor and more pen functionality . if you like big phones this is the phone for you  .   absolutely love this phone . has a nice big screen and the keyboard is great . takes great pictures . easy to operate . i love it and will be giving my iphone to my daughter shortly  .  it's a trade up for me! i highly recommend it  .   best phone i've ever owned . i was worried about the size at first, but got used to it after a few days . perfect for watching netflix or listening to music . so many adjustable features . battery life is excellent despite large display  .   i bought as a gift for my wife who absolutely loves this phone . given that her eyesight is poor she really appreciated the large screen . i find that ever since she got the phone she is much more responsive to emails as well .   samsung is the best note 3 is the best its not too big get an otterbox to protect sign up for a class to learn all about it . it is a big screen easy to touch, there are a lot function easy to operation  . so i like the phone   . i switched from the samsung droid which drained the battery in 30 minutes . the sound from the speaker is crisp and clear .   my new samsung galaxy note 3, bought from amazon, has meet and superseded my expectations, i love this phone, it looks good, feels great in my magnetic case, and, is well made and cute to look at, everyone loves the phone, games are more fun because you can see them, i am with samsung all the way, if the phone gets bigger i'll go bigger,you also get a voice recorder on this phone which is great, no regrets here, very pleased with my purchase  . i'm a student and this thing is absolutely amazing for taking notes, editing documents, reading  . i also love to play games which it will handle everything out there . beware, this phone is extremely big  .  like comically big . unless you have andre the giant hands, you probably wont be able to reach from one end of the screen to the other while one handed texting, with that being said, i am always worried that i will drop it; so i suggest always using both hands . i am a very heavy user so the battery usually lasts me about an entire day with about 15% left, but i like my brightness maxed out, wifi on, games, syncing, blah blah blah . tl;dr i love this phone and would recommend it to anybody who needs to multitask and often burns through their battery during the day  .   i love my glaaxy note 3 . it is so easy to use . glad i chose it  .   * skip to bottom summary if you do not have time to read this* let me start off by saying i am in love with this phone . it is big enough where i do not have to squint to read emails such as on the iphone and small enough where i can text and type one-handed (i have bigger hands) . the features that come packed with this phone are all very useful and great . it is very fast and doesn't seem to skip a beat with all my programs running in the background, as well as astounding battery life that lets me go without a charge for a minimum of 2 days . i have not had the mentioned reception issues so it may just be a bad batch of phones or the service in my area is very good . the poor rating is for amazon customer service and their bloatware . i contacted amazon an hour after the purchase (3 days before it shipped) and told them the correct address for shipping . i was told the problem was addressed but behold, my product was shipped to the other address and i did not receive my product in time or at the correct location, not to mention the product came a day late . * once i received my phone i was willing to let the shipping mistake slide until i started looking through the programs and realized i could not delete any of the apps that amazon preloaded onto the device . granted, they are not very high in memory usage but when i spend 200$ of my hard earned money on a good product i would like to have the option of choosing which apps i need and don't need . to put it in perspective it is like buying a car and not having the option of choosing which features you want and don't want . the only thing you can do is disable the apps so they dont run in the background, but they still take up memory that should be free . the phone does come with other preloaded apps (samsung & google) that cannot be removed but they are at least desirable and used every day . i actually considered returning this phone due to the unnecessary bloatware and inability of removal, but decided that the product is too good to let a couple apps ruin its integrity . a company should not jam their products down a customer's throat and expect positive feedback . summary: phone is a great product, much better than the iphone 4s i switched from . amazon shipping disappointed me and sent phone to wrong address . my recommendation is to purchase this phone from your cellular carrier as it will come preloaded with less bloatware apps  .   everyone at work laughs at me when i "answer my laptop" .  this phone is terrific and i'm looking forward to implementing this tool into my daily routines at home and work . i'll try to update this review as i uncover more positives and any negative experiences . it was quite nice to get this from amazon at a price that the verizon store couldn't match . the staff looked at me strangely when i showed them my amazon cart showing the unit selling at $199 . getting the phone online was ridiculously easy . turned the note 3 on and all was good to go . keeping it simple is always the best way to go  .   top dog! imo, best phone out there . great for multitasking! excellent screen, fast  . camera takes great pictures in good lighting . s-pen works great! speaker output nice and crisp . battery life really good, if you turn off some un-needed functions like gestures, turn off gps when your not needing it, turn off auto sync, and set screen time out to 30 sec  .  i been getting easy 2 days without charging with light usage like streaming youtube, web browsing and some email . call quality very good, can hear callers loud and sharp on verizon network that is . 4g blazing fast on verizon . overall a great phone by samsung  .   my wife used this phone for about one year and she started having issues with charging correctly . we first thought it was the phone terminal issue but when we got the replacement phone from verizon, it had the same issue . we called verizon and they transferred me over to samsung because they have known issue with the early versions of charging cable . long story short, samsung is willing to repair the cable and i will be without the cable for at least a week .   they are basically letting the loyal consumers suffer for their fault of manufacturing poor cables . this is not what i expected from a well known brand of samsung . disappointed service  .   i am coming from the galaxy nexus, so not only is this phone larger, but also faster and has multi-tasking . the phone is easy to use and i have no complaints with it . the only complaint i have is with verizon for not having an unlocked boot-loader and still has not upgraded to kitkat yet  .   love the phone no complaints here! might be too big if you have a active life style it takes up your entire pocket  .   great product that was delivered on time everyone will enjoy how the galaxy note 3 performs . glad i discovered how amazon works and how great the prices are in the marketplace  .   quick reference review: (details below) fantastic all around! beautifully crisp screen in full hd, very quick response time for all around performance from texts to apps to games . battery life is astounding, average users will have no problem going throughout a day on one battery, or even two . the s-pen is a nice feature to have . phone layout/buttons is easy to get used too . i can use this phone easily with one hand, but i have big hands in general . if your only issue with this phone is its size, get it . you easily get used to the size and don't even notice it (however i wouldnt recommend to individuals with tiny hands) . bought this phone off amazon in january (2 months ago) due to its amazing deal and reduced price and i am not at all dissatisfied . worth noting, i purchased this phone over the lg g2 . i do have a single significant complaint on this phone regarding the charger, scroll to the bottom for that . while it may not be encased in a solid block of metal, you never feel like your holding a cheap phone . the materials are very sturdy and well made, especially when one utilizes a case . in my opinion, being able to access the battery, sim, microsd in the back of the phone is more useful than it being in a solid metal body . the phone itself is incredibly thin . i purchased a spigen slim hardcase for the phone because i wanted to keep the phone sleek and thin as designed . button placement is very intuitive and easy to get used too . this thing performs better than any phone i've had and is faster than my 1st gen samsung galaxy tab . i like to get the most out of my phones, to the point of unlocking them, but even with all of the pre-loaded bloat-apps this thing still flys . great on wifi or lte . screen is amazingly clear, with great contrast and color . buttons are firm and don't feel like they're going to break . if you're a hardcore music lover and sound quality is a top priority, you may want to look elsewhere . touch screen sensitivity is great out of the box . ui and software: if you've ever used an andriod or samsung device before, you'll quickly find yourself comfortable with this phone . if you've never used it before, it is easy and very enjoyable . i always recommend it over ios, but i don't have enough experience with windows to sway you from it . but the user interface is intuitive and for the most part can be understood by most . from different widgets, layouts, screens, you have so many options to satisfy the most eclectic or ocd personalities . camera: so many phones have crazy camera features or settings, while the average user wont notice or use half of them . i will say, the picture quality and useful features on this phone can be handy . from action shots to selfies to posting your lunch to instragram this phone with suffice for most! i always say if you want to really take meaningful pictures, buy a dslr! size: the size of this phone always seems to be the sticky issue with people . as i mentioned before, if size is the only issue holding you back from this phone, just get it . depending on your size, it will be easier than others . the average male wouldn't have a problem with it in his pocket . i'm always amazed how often i don't even feel it . however, for smaller individuals it may be an issue . my honest opinion is find one in person . i went to bestbuy and the samsung rep allowed me to hold his work note3 . i love having a larger screen, it just makes it that much easier to use and enjoy, and to me outweighs any size inconvenience . the big size means samsung is able to throw a big battery in it . so even though the larger screen uses more power, many average users wont have a problem going an entire day on one charge . but idle in your pocket with lte on all day . people complain about the thickness of the cord, but its required for the phone to charge that fast, safely . which brings me to my only issue i've had with this phone  .   my only complaint: i had a few issues charging my phone . at first i was extremely upset as i thought the port inside my phone was defective . the standard usb port, and an extra smaller port which is why your able to achieve such fast charging and data transfers . my issue was that one of the 2 connections on the usb3 wasn't getting a solid contact in my phone . this lead to longer charge times and my phone telling me "please use the original charger that came with your phone for faster charging" . i simply bought a new cord on amazon and i haven't had any problems since . i recommend to anyone having charging issues to first try another cord, as my issue was that the connection to the phone on the cord, was slightly bent . on the other side, its worth noting you can indeed charge this phone with regular phone micro usb cords, however it will be slow . i can't state it enough, it is really a fantastic phone . i fought back and forth whether to get this or the lg g2 for cheaper, but i decided i wanted the best phone i could buy (at ~$250 for the best phone on the market? that's fairly priced) and would last me a long time, and more importantly keep me preoccupied, and not wanting to buy a new phone before my upgrade  . the samsung note 3 is the best product on the market in its class! i am completely satisfied with my note 3 . additionally, i ordered all the currently available accessories  .   love it ! this phone is great . don't even rrealize how big it is  . but the picture quality is great and everything . love the size and the apps . we'll worth the money . would recommend this phone to everyone, in fact i have  . the best phone out there, period  .   i love this phone  .  it's big but i that's what i wanted . the multitasking is great, the hd screen is great, i really do not have any complaints about this phone . warning: uses large amounts of data when setting up and installing all your apps for the first time, if you have a small data plan make sure you are on wifi  .   i was very happy with my phone . my only complaint is that the activation instructions were not clear so i had to call customer service  .   i finally had to break down and purchase a new phone to replace the flip i had been using for about 10 years . i chose this because it was highly rated by all the reviews i read and i absolutely refused to be a moronic lemming and purchase an ipos . the price through amazon was better than what i could do through verizon and the setup was absolutely painless . i am not too thrilled about the $50 increase in my monthly bill, but that's what you get for going from a no-frills flip phone to a "phablet"  .   this is an amazing phone/phablet! it has a super-hd screen and also comes with a stylus inside a slot on the phone itself . the screen area is very large and the speakers are adequate but headphones are suggested if watching video . it has multi-screen so that users can have two of certain applications open at the same time and in split screen, such as gallery and chrome or maps and gmail . i do highly recommend downloading a home screen launcher, such as the one i use called buzz launcher, because the programmed home screen is just ugly and cluttered . after some experimenting, one will discover which applications you can (and should) turn off to free up ram . overall, this is a highly rated phone by professional websites and, if not mistaken, the best-selling phone in the world right now for a reason . this phone is much better than the galaxy s5 and google nexus 5 .3 inches smaller and also has a much better as well as hd screen . this is an excellent choice for anyone purchasing a new phone and i highly recommend it and would purchase again  .   love the phone  .  people always make fun of the size, but then they see the quality and they want one . this is an amazing phone! this phone is blazing fast! i has everything i want and need in a phone without being too bulky . i know some would say the phone is big, but those are the same people who have to pinch or squint to read an email on smaller devices . if you are looking for a great all around phone, do not hesitate  . love the phone . not a big fan of 4 . excited for the update . the stock rom is plenty fast enough for me and the battery life is amazing .   love it! everyone says its so big but it feels just right for me . it smooth, efficient and the shipment got to me fast . i love the color too, i get compliments as most people just have black or white with silver trim, this has the unique gold touch to it . excellent phone  . con for finding wristlets large enough to fit phone and other items .all other features of phone are positive  .   i love the phone it does so much and it's a good fit for me and what i do every day . i upgraded from my gs2 . the gs3 note is absolutely wonderful! the big screen is a delight and it has so many functions it's unbelievable! sound quality for playing back mp3 music downloaded from my computer (i use amazon cloud player) is loud when i set it on high thru my ear plugs and sounds just like a clear stereo  .  not distorted whatsoever . i bought an armband and used it today to go running and listened to my favorite music from my gs4 note . wonderful! i am still learning thru everything so if anything changes i'll add input, negative or positive . you won't be disappointed  . if you don't read it, just buy one and you won't be sorry  .   absolutely the greatest phone on the market . the crystal clear hd display is unbelievable . the s pen with the s note app is so easy to use and recognizes my awful handwriting flawlessly with no lag . write a name and a phone #, touch contacts and it's there instantly in your contact list . the smart touch lets me transfer photos to my wife's phone instantly by just touching the devices together . the battery life is one of the most impressive features and is as good or better than the specifications claim .you can't go wrong here . get one and you'll be glad you did   .   this is an awesome phone . does not feel cheap in any way . well done to samsung . love this phone does so much . phones today are like little mini computers . just awesome phone not a bad word on anything  . the 3 looks better, is a bit more powerful and has a better display . not not a huge upgrade to he honest  . i kind of preferred the feel of the n2 rounded edges, but the n3 square looks better  .   i am giving this phone 4 stars because it is not gold on the sides like the ones at verizon . not a big deal and i am more then happy with the phone itself . you're gonna love it  .   it's addicting  .   this is a excellent phone to use . i am so excited for this new device . i need a protect case and screen protector sheets  .   wow awsom cell phone still learning all the amazing things that you can do easy to use so many things to learn . great phone, although i miss the integrated features that the iphone provides . excellent battery . i haven't found aftermarket apps, but in my transition i've noticed: what i do love: great screen size to read everything comfortably, watch video clips, and appreciate pictures . great battery life . this i abuse and it still gets me through the day . responsive in my transition, things i have noticed: -native list syncing is not present . -no button that pulls up voice command like siri does in the lock screen . the voice command is not universal and not as easily accessible like siri was . you can have it activate in the lock screen with a double tap of the home button, but it doesn't work if the phone is unlocked . i simply hold down the home button and swipe to close a running program and then reopen it . -i had to be creative to migrate my contacts . one thing that is great is that i can manage my contacts now through google contacts through my gmail (they have a tool to remove duplicate contacts! -text to speech engine is awesome, better than siri in accuracy and speed, i think . -camera and playlist controls aren't available in the lock screen as they were with the iphone, unless you disable security . after the novelty of the pen, i reverted to using the on-screen keyboard . i like the availability, especially when sending information to people or writing on maps . for a case, i used the otterbox commuter, which works well . it has no belt clip, but i would imagine i'd get tired of putting on the clip after a while anyway . did i enjoy my iphone? yes . simple, works, well integrated, robust, although sometimes non-responsive and poor battery life . do i enjoy the galaxy note? yes . totally different experience with the larger screen, great battery life, more enjoyment of pictures, video . it's not as well integrated, but it works and does what i want . in a mobile computing device/phone that i have on me all the time the screen, snappiness, battery life, and pen bring really make it and are much more important in the experience . it is a great piece of art and master craftsmanship from samsung . it comes from south korea, a powerhouse of cutting edge technology and force in the global economy (i was there for a year and can appreciate the history) . not to be confused with china or japan . i went from a s4 to the note 3 and all i can say is wow  .   the difference is amazing i cant even use the s4 anymore cause the screen is so small  .   this phone is nice its big, but im used to it by now  .   i went from a s4 to the note 3 and all i can say is wow  .   the difference is amazing i cant even use the s4 anymore cause the screen is so small  .   this phone is nice its big, but im used to it by now  . i love it . it does take some time to get used to the size and find your way around all the features but it is worth it . it does everything i ask of it and it does it fast  . this phone is top of the line, from the stylus to the speed and the screen, oh the screen . no regrets  .   i had a galaxy note 2 and traded it for an htc one, what a mistake! i just switched to the gn3, what a great device, my all time favorite phone . also comes with evernote 1 year subscription! love amazon wireless store! hate massachusetts they charged tax on the full phone cost  . it was the greatest change in my life . i love this phone i can go 20 hours easily even more . i also wish there was a nice dock for it . its awkward because of the usb 3 . this is an excellent phone/tablet for the discriminating buyer . the picture is clear and vibrant and definitely large enough to see all tiny details, no matter which webpage you are on . i went from an iphone to the samsung galaxy note 3 and i am very glad that i made the change . i would recommend this phone if you are looking for a great 4g lte device with a decent screen size for webpage browsing and a great, high quality camera  .   best phone ever, the price was just right . would recommend this phone to anyone looking to up grade .   too big for me to cary on my pocket . i think it is perfect for ladies who would carry it in a purse . however reading email on a larger screen is so much better experience than it is on a smaller phone . i wish i had a suitable pocket to carry it on each of my shirts and pants  .   a nice phone . i like it .   this phone doubles as a small compact "palm top computer," with available apps such as autocad 360, adobe  . swore i would never give up my casio brigade cell phone after a bad 2011 smart phone experience, but the samsung note 3 changed my mind  .   this is the best android phone i've ever had! love the large display, the pen feature is a real bonus! no more typing with one finger! i can write it out and the phone types it for me! a real time saver  .   this phone isn't necessarily the phone for everyone but if you go into it looking for a phablet style phone then you will love it . fast fast fast . i am in love with it and i got $80 off the price verizon sold it for .they had to verify that i was indeed under contract with them and then i got my phone for the discounted rate of $219! the only reason i don't give it 5 stars is because of the charger! omg it is faulty and will only charge in an upside down position  .  it must be something within the charger itself like a loose wire  .  i am super happy with my note 3 :-) . i gave it 5 stars bc it deseres that i love the design of my phone nd its nice look ! very me! boss like style . perfect in every way . could not imagine a better phone . best phone on the planet to date . pen is used often and very helpful especially for web browsing  .   i couldn't have found a better price anywhere . everything worked beautifully, and i haven't had a single problem with it . it was shipped overnight free of charge, and it was packaged very nicely and safe .   i loved all the specs on this phone when i was doing my research . for the most part it seemed that the phone was pretty solid for performance based on everything i was reading . my primary concern going in was the issue that i kept seeing appear regarding the call quality . i have had the phone for over a month now and i can report that i have had no issues with any aspect of the phone . i have had no problems with running any apps and even multiple apps at a time, it does not lag . the battery life is the best of any phone i have ever owned . even better than the extended battery i had for my previous phone . i was a little hesitant in this respect also at first, but i can say that i got used to the size in a very short time and now can't imagine myself with a smaller phone . i love it . i think this phone was a great purchase and am not disappointed in it at all  .   i switched from iphone to this android phone and love the bigger screen, the hd video & display, the camera is decent though not as good as i expected (pixelation and spotty, but does excellent video even in dark locations such as a night club), the dual video capture is fun to play with (2 screens in one video showing the person in the scene being recorded for example), it comes loaded with general apps, no games . however i've had problems with it on many google services such as hangouts and youtube sharing, many games and apps aren't supported on android, the battery is quickly used up and it takes a couple hours to charge from zero to 100% . i've hardly used the pen, but i love the design for holding the pen inside the phone body, it is secure and never loosens so far . i don't like the design of having the off button opposite the volume button as it took forever to learn how to push one without pushing them both . holding the phone on the bottom is awkward because of the menu buttons so it took some time to find a way to hold it . all in all i'd recommend it even to 1st time users of smart phones, it's very easy to set up and use, and for experienced users, to customize  .   i am enjoying the note 3 . would recommend this device to anyone  .   i purchased the note 3 after a good deal of consideration and research . i enjoy it . my first cellphone was a motorola bag phone (remember those?) and have upgraded only when i saw a definite improvement in functionallity but never did so as a matter of fashion . i had the thought that it would be great if you could buy a nice tablet that also made phone calls! of course nothing like that exists . i concluded that the technology had matured to finally deliver the the functionallity that it promised and still be user friendly . i looked briefly at the s4 but felt it was to small to replicate the tablet experience that i wanted . i'm a verizon customer (no particular loyality, they just happen to have the best service for my area) so i went to the verizon store to check out the phone with a salesperson and maybe get a deal . if you feel you can wait a year the phone will certainly be cheaper and in two years it will probably be free with a renewal/upgrade . scam! but what you gonna do? i then went to my old faithful, amazon! they listed the verizon ready phone for $229 with no extra charges . i went back to the verizon store and told them that if they couldn't match the price there was no way i could ignore a $160 difference . i thought; no big deal . i did have to call verizon support but they were very gracious about connecting and initializing the phone . i am new to the whole "smart" phone experience as i indicated and have been constantly amazed by the functionallity, capability, and potential of the device . by way of comparison my first store bought desktop computer had an industry leading 45 gigs  .   the android os is linux based so it has some subtle differences but not to the point of being a problem for pc users . there is definitely a steep learning curve if, like me, you are new to the whole tablet/smartphone experience . i also got a book on my kindle account (free) that also helps but i am convinced that, like most electronic gizmos that are continuously developing, by the time i figure out how to really use it i'll be ready for the "next" thing . youtube is also a great resource for instruction on the phone and the various apps . i'm sure the same problem (or worse) exists with the iphone . one of the first things i noticed about the phone was the very poor battery life . built in utillities can accomplish this but the best solution is to download an app called all-in-one toolbox . it is a highly regarded app and makes the list of top ten downloads consistently . using the app's function of disabiling background resource hogs you can up your battery life to maybe a day and a half . the up side is that it charges fairly quickly . i find myself constantly fumbling around when using it, trying to find a comfortable position . another problem is when shifting the grip on the phone i inadvertently press one of the soft keys and thereby change the screen . annoying but something that i'm sure would be a problem with any phone and particularly with smaller phones, i . bottom line; this device is, in its small way, a life changer . like i stated earlier, a laptop that makes phone calls . it's just a little too large and heavy, with a protective case (which i recommend), to fit in a shirt pocket but i have no trouble finding a way to carry it . and all those times in the past when i was away from home and i wanted to do something that required a computer and internet access and was frustrated are now history .   great phone   .   great price .   my previous phone was not nearly as sophisticated so theres a learning curve for me, but i'm having a blast .: the camera is awesome  .   researched all of the newest flagship phones on the market and have found this is by far the most capable phone for my network . the phone is not too big as some may think . fits perfectly in any pocket and does not feel bulky . still very lightweight and the s pen is very handy for snapchat and other drawing and note taking apps . very responsivea and no lag with proccessor even with multiple apps running .4 coming soon way more versatile than ios . run emulators with great graphics and connects with my chromcast no problem . s beam is super easy to use and i have connected my nx300 to this for storage and viewfinder for the camara . very happy with purchase and is the best for cdma networks at the moment  . i've had this phone for over 2 months and it has a large and high quality display yet easy to hold in one hand, powerful (future proof), long battery life, good sound quality and clarity on both speakers, infrared tv remote, good camera, usb 3 .0 speeds, support for latest wireless standards and optional sd card . i hope bug/performance fixes get released in a timely manner unlike with my verizon gnexus . might need to be patient and give the phone a few days—i got a replacement and for the 1st 3 or 4 charges the battery would drain easily to 50% after 9 hours of usage and i was not even using the same amount of features as with the 1st phone nor even using it as much, but it improved over time . the 1st phone did not have this issue and right out of the box would have only dropped to 80% after the same usage and only dropped 2% or 3% overnight instead of 4% to 6% like with the current one . positives: battery life charge times screen size sound quality of both speakers -- so nice not to hear chipmunks anymore signal quality (wifi and lte) camera quality in decent lighting phone stays cool during heavy usage (gaming, phone calls, etc) overall keyboard layout negatives: intermittent unexplained battery drainage—maybe nsa is spying on me? :) auto-corrections on native keyboard the way that the phone and contacts features work—should be simpler to use with a screen this size but requires 2 hands or might be more suited to left-handed people with large hands intermittent touchwiz feature malfunctions (s voice, gestures, 1 handed mode, etc) inability to remember audio settings for head set and constant prompts about volume safety--i only use audio jack while in the car connected to a cassette adapter (not earphones) since i don't have bluetooth or any native support for smart phones in my car . some notes: touchwiz adds much needed functionality to native android that is nice, but i’ve turned off a lot of the features because some were overkill for my needs and too unreliable for every-day use . i only have prior experience with native android and cyanogenmod and although i prefer touchwiz over native android, it still needs some serious work . for instance, i find that the swipe to the left or right to message or call a contact works intermittently along with some of the other advertised features such as smart stay, s voice, hand gestures, etc, so i’ve turned most of them off and only enable some while using hands free mode while driving or at home . it is also more difficult to do some of the most basic of tasks using touchwiz battery life and charge times with stock charger is very nice although at times since i got my replacement note 3 it seems like something drains the battery much faster than with the 1st one—going to eventually reset phone to see if it is some kind of os malfunction . the screen is fantastic and i’ve enjoyed watching both 1080p and 720p videos without problems—native player can handle most video formats, but does not have the same support for audio encoding . phone feels light weight and although it is aesthetically pleasing to look at, the materials feel kind of cheap so i’ve invested in a cheap case to prolong the aesthetics . my 1st one had issues with usb3 .0 connectivity, a faulty charging cable, strange tapping sound during phone calls, and a few other bugs . the other party had issues with the charging port—not sure if the 3rd person had issues . my friend that always buys samsung phones says that the issues with charging ports are common, but this is only my 2nd samsung phone so i cannot say for sure if this is the case . auto-correct and word suggestions on native keyboard are a pain to use and so unnatural . i’m used to pressing the back key to have my words reset to what i initially typed in the event that auto-correct is not needed, but with this keyboard you are sometimes presented with a undo button and sometimes you just have to get creative and use the sym button or write with the stylus pen to bypass the auto-corrections—this is a major flaw in my opinion and should have been fixed by now considering that several updates have been released for the apps and the phone itself . as with my galaxy nexus, the auto screen brightness is too dim for standard use . not sure how well it would prolong battery life for those who walk around a-lot while using their phones . stylus is hard to remove—good that it won’t fall out on accident though . surprisingly, it has not damaged any of my nails . interestingly, my protection case makes removing the stylus very easy--you go cimo s-line case in order to use usb 3 . this feature can also be problematic if you try to let windows convert a video file to be transferred to the phone which would take more than 5 minutes . wall charger has usb port on the side of the wall unit which too me is an invite for bent prongs considering that it is recommended that you remove it to save power and it wastes a port on a lot of surge suppressors  .   i was really excited for this phone when it came out and wanted to switch from the iphone 5 . it was a really nice phone but some the things made me mad one of which was the volume control in the music player and pandora! there's not way of turning it off and it made it impossible to play music in my car . it's really buggy and just not secure . the nicest feature of the note 3 is the s pen . it is super easy to use and comes in handy . the note 3 also has great battery life too! i eventually just took it back and got the iphone 5s . i haven't been disappointed one bit . it could take abuse like no other . i always had a cheap company smartphone or my wife nearby with hers, so i didn't get one until i got this one . it's huge screen is perfect for emails, surfing the web, whatever . people will tease you about it . you can always show then how good of pictures it takes and how fast the shutter speed is  .   or any of the plethora of other features you'll like if you get this phone .   the no delays in watching educational videos  .   i'm happy with my selection and can live with it for the 2 year term with verizon  .   my wife is in love with this phone ever since i upgraded her from the galaxy s3 to the galaxy note 3 . nice large screen and the stylus is really cool! it is recognized by the phone just hovering it over the screen and it has it's own popup features for the stylus  . i got the 2nd one and i love it! really fast and light  .   i have had this phone for just about 1 month and am really enjoying this phone . battery life is fantastic interface is quick the multi-pane viewing is a great feature the s-pen hand writing is a nice break from thumb typing everything the only things i feel really didn't meet expectations was the eye scrolling and gestures but these are small pieces of an otherwise amazing product  .   very happy with the phone which can do it all . impressed with the look and feel of the phone . the phone is very large, but my son has large hands so its a good fit . all in all we are very happy with the purchase  .   the phone is awesome its super fast smooth responsive everything you could want in a phone the s pen and the features it has are amazing and the camera's are also awesome  .   this phone has a great battery life, light weight, and the large screen is phenomenal . i was happy to replace my iphone  .   i had my motorola droid for years and thought i loved it - i did not know what love was . :-) i absolutely love this phone . works great on my verizon network  .   big screen, long battery life, and powerful specs . what more could you ask for? this is the top of the line smart phone right now . beware, i have had issues with the stock charging cable .0 charger will sometimes work, but mostly it doesn't you may have to use an old charger, but the battery is so big that it will take you a while to fully charge that way . search for "usb 3 cable not charging" on andriod central to see others with the same problem  .   this phone is uncomplicated and user friendly . after reviewing many phone options, i chose the samsung galaxy note 3 and it has exceeded my expectations  . but it is powerful and has a great hd screen . best decision i could have ever made plus the price was right . i honestly love my phone . what made my purchase so easy was the step by step instructions that were included and 2day shipping awesome  .   this phone is a great phone it has so many features that i am still learning about and using everyday  .   i got this as an upgrade for my wife and she truly loves it . technology in general is not her cup of tea, however the interface and the vibrant screen helps make the transition a bit smoother .   love it does the job and the battery last a long time between charges .   amazon has the best price for upgrading phones like samsung note 3 for verizon wireless customers . i can now chuck my palm te-2 confident that this phone can perform the same funtionality . this phone is big enough to act as a small tablet too! hence the term "phablet"  .   does so much more than my galaxy 3, blazing fast with verizon, even fast internet . and fits in my front pocket just fine  .   as good or better than i had hoped for . this is a fantastic crazy fast phone/tool .   this is the best phone i have ever had and i've had what i thought was the best but my note 3 blows everything else away  .   i love it . great for me! has apps i love that i can't get on the i-phone . my sons picked this phone out for me to replace my droid and visor and it has been great! easy to use and see, tremendous battery life, great pictures . i have absolutely no complaints about it and would recommend it  .   i'm so pleased i can't find any negatives . i get better reception and 4g than my old galaxy nexus which was pretty good . integration with microsoft exchange, skydrive, and other microsoft apps like onenote, outlook, etc . is much better and really very good  . not for a person with small hands . having the large screen is wonderful  .   fastest mobile device i've ever used! wish i had bought it sooner .   absolutely, positively the best phone on the market, period . look at any benchmark testing, look at the stats, look at the screen, the only downside is the plastic back, but it's 2014, who doesn't use a case or have a protection plan  .   i like the big screen and so many smart features . i've owned iphone for about 4 years and i got tired of its small screen . even some of the apps on it are better that of iphone . i also like how you can type and correct at the middle of a word which iphone does not allow . oh, one important thing that i almost forgot is that you don't need to go through any program like itune to upload music and photos . this phone is easier to use than i thought . i like it very much  .   i want to start by saying note 3 is actually a wonderful phone .   i purchased the phone from amazon wireless with verizon because they were having a really good deal for this phone  . i first heard a static noise from time to time when i was on the phone  .   and then, the fully charged battery died within 12 hours (on power saving mode)  . then i searched online, everybody online says that the samsung note 3 is supposed to have a really good battery, actually pretty much the best in the market  . i am not sure if all phones from verizon are of such poor quality, or amazon wireless has bad phones, or i'm just unlucky  . so if you get a bad phone as i did, you can at least send it back  .   this handset not only met my expectations but exceeded them . i never likes the way they handled mms especially . now, this is as seemless as sms, the group messaging has improved to the point of not nearly needing a separate app any longer and the multi-tasking features have thoroughly impressed me  . he is thrilled with it . he loves the multi-tasking abilities, the vibrant screen, and the extra-long battery life . the phone is extremely fast and efficient . he didn't think that he would use the s pen but he loves it and uses it all the time . this phone is like having your own personal computer with you at all times - there's really nothing that it can't do . so much easier to see and use than my previous smart phone . love key board too  .   love this phone  .   best phone i've ever owned  .   there is absolutely nothing that i don't love about this phone . i recommend it to literally everyone and tell them what a phenomenal deal i got on it through amazon ' s verizon upgrade offer  . pros: bright display large screen fast processor lots or ram great device cons: does not have kitkat yet .   i would recomend this to anyone who wants an awesome phone  . this is by far the best i've ever owned . the screen is vibrant and a great size to view everything from movies to games . all in all i really have nothing negative to say, i'm completely satisfied . great job samsung  .   the samsung galaxy note 3 on verizon wireless picks up right where its predecessor left off, making key upgrades to the design and display, while adding a bevy of new stylus features . add in the powerful processor and superb multitasking chops and the note 3 easily wins our my award for phablets on verizon . the hardware/specs is what a top smart phone should have . the screen is bright, big and a delight to view a web page or movie . i like a phone with power and this smart phone has it . it you want a real smart phone this is it  .   this phone is the best phone i have ever had, the amount of processing speed this thing has is incredible . also the design is awesome it is slim and if you have big hands fits right in (small hands you will likely have to go two hand like i do) . i also have a defender series otterbox on it and it still fits in my pocket . but beware when you get this phone your friend may say things like "nice tv you got there" so as long as you have tough skin and good friends this is definatly the phone for you  . i was excited to get this at a wonderful price for the holiday . love the samsung quality phone . big screen, all the features . only thing i noticed is you have to talk on speaker phone most of the time or you hang up on caller . this happens alot where my face touching the screen hangs up on people . not good  .   the best phone i have ever owned . this phone will be at the top for a long time to come  .   i was a big concerned about the size, but since i'm not one who has a phone stuck to my ear while walking around in public i thought it was more important to have a phone i could actually read and type on . the first thing i did was watch some of the youtube videos on tips & tricks for the phone to get a better understanding of it and it's amazing what you can do with this phone .   great phone . love it . easy to activate . the s pen is fun to use  .   if you are tired of an iphone (which i'd imagine no one is  .   sad because the iphone 4 to the 4s was a bigger leap from the 4s to any of the 5's  . sadly he is gone and apple will never be the same) get the galaxy note 3  .   yes it does suck a little because you don't have seamless integration via other mac products .   this is a far superior phone and i could go into specs but just read the reviews because i'm too lazy to write them . i had a 4s for two years, then got the 5s and was disappointed to them max!fix the freakin' aspect ratio you fools . this is the third iphone 5 and they still fell flat . this baby will blow you away . and if you get a wallet case (cellto wallet case is awesome) then it is not that bad at all to put up to your ear . it begins to not feel like a tablet (which is beneficial because this pretty much is a tablet too) . amazing phone . proud of samsung for getting it together and delivering! and then some . love the pen as i am a filmmaker and just creative :) get it  . so have fun with your iphone . don't believe or don't care? have fun with an inferior phone . and i love apple . but innovation will never match what steve jobs did for apple . they've reached their pinnacle and can only attempt to catch up to what was already handed to them . if you're serious in getting a great phone, buy the note 3 . if not, get whatever the hell you want .   i love this samsung galazy note 3 . i'm in my 50's & as you get older seeing small or fine print is important, so i bit larger screen is a huge plus & out weighs the need for a smaller pocket size phone . being a woman it really isn't cumbersome because it's easier to find in my purse than a smaller phone . i simply love this phone  . the call quality is good - better than my old droid max . i've had this phone for a few weeks and i can't find anything wrong with it . it will run down the battery if you are streaming for hours and playing with it constantly like it did when i first got it . i charge it every night and use it for both work and personal use  .   still learning about all of the features of this phone but i am very satisfied with this phablet .   i love this phone  .   bought it as a gift and she loves it! large screen, fast, gets updates and since she plays a lot of games on it, it's exactly what she needs  . the call clarity is great when the call is established within the primary network coverage area . the larger size is great for working on the go, too . this monster has great battery life and limitless capabilities . love this phone  . the only reason i have not given it 5 stars is simply because the flash for the camera has not worked since it was taken out of the box .   i upgraded from an htc thunderbolt - which i thought was a great phone until i upgraded to the note 3 . i like the large screen but i don't like the large size of the phone .   this is by far the best phone i have ever owned . huge beautiful screen and an overall powerful device  . it's expensive than the gs4, it has almost the same capabilities as note3 but the later have much more . what i like: ( i can only compare it to what i have - samsung galaxy s3) quad-core processor - it's way faster than the s3, what a different . the s3 is not a sloth by all means . as clear as an iphone or better . like lcd tv, bigger screen is better . camera 13mp - much more clearer in interior settings and almost no lag time - quick, that's the quad-core at work video - so much clearer, faster, and nicer than the gs3 battery life - much longer - i have to charge the s3 daily . wi fi signal strength - way better than the s3 . work as a pda - that's what i use it mostly for and the pre-installed bundled apps from amazon, google, tools, and samsung on a folder . sound - phone and music are much clearer than the s3 . it has better bass sound . the note - pad, notebook, scrap book, to name a few is amazing . plastic back case - nice design . i have no problem because i have it on a hard case . what i am not fond about: the screen page is limited to seven and it does not go all the way around . google navigation - it's not provided, don't know why? those available on google play store does not let the use of contacts for destination . about 3 weeks with this phone and it is great so far . great pictures, large clear to read screen, easy note taking, great phone & phone messaging, movies, internet, google, email, very useful calendar, contacts,and much more .   i love my gn3! the screen is huge and beautiful! so clear . no regrets  .   call quality was improved from my nexus prime . the s-pen is nifty to use . a good cover to help your grip is definitely beneficial . now, other phones tend to look comically small  .  funny how you adjust to it . also, watching how-to/tip videos helped me quickly learn how to best use the device . this is my favorite phone in 15+ years  .  highly recommended (if the features appeal to your preferences, that is)  .   this is a smart phone that is easy on the eyes . fast, powerful, handles everything you throw at it, but probably won't handle a lot of "throwing" like the old revolution could . great camera for video and pics . also, biggest issue is not being able to tether phone to computer via usb to work on files . with so much storage available (i have a 64gb card in addition to the 32gb on board) i feel like its a waste and have to use google drive now  .  which sucks data up very quickly . overall the phone is what i expected, other than the latter issue and i look forward to learning more about it  .   love, love love! so you would have to want a big phone . i carry a purse so it doesn't bother me at all . i love the huge screen . i actually watch shows on & it's comfortable it doesn't really feel like it's a phone . i mainly upgraded from the noteii for the camera which i use everyday to capture kids/moments . for that alone it is a big improvement (8mb to 13mb + a bunch more modes & controls) . so it is worth it for me because i use all of them a lot . you will have for 2 years & the technology is worth it . oh internal memory is 32 gb too! nice for all the photos & videos you will capture! it is a really fast overall great phone! i can't imagine anyone not liking all the great features  .   it's a big phone but the price was unbelievable and i love the phone itself . the screen is awesome and with older eyes it sure makes it nicer . when i have to show my parents how to do something on their iphones it is really a struggle  .   the best phone / phablet in 2013/2014 . perfect for business and entertainment . love the camera .   i have been waiting since november 2012 to get my hands on one of these i would frantically search to see the latest stats, pro's and cons and i must say the phone is perfect  .   i am amazed at how huge the screen is all the while the phone is soooo lightweight  . i have toyed with some things at first glance the graphics have my pupils like woooooow  .   i made the tragic mistake of bluetoothing over all my pics from my previous phone first before downloading apps and its about 1200 photos, videos and music  .   my fault for that(drained my battery) but other than that on first hand i love, love, love, love my new phone  .   =) 1/25/14 it is nice to have a phone that can go 1 day and a half without being on charge . worked 13 hours and went out to the bar after work took pics, and mild to moderate social networking while at work (shhh  .   love love love my phone . amazon had the best deal and i am very please i waited .   i love the galaxy note 3, i upgraded from a note 2 which is why i gave it only four stars . out of the box, the battery doesn't last as long and for some reason the speakers don't sound as good to me as the note 2 . it also has some software issues that mess with my wifi connection . it is a great phone and i am very happy with it  .   like other good quality smart phones, this phone is well made and has great performance . there for, it is better to write about features this p hone has and others don't . the size of the screen and quality or clarity it has kept me away from my computer . with the auto correction feature when typing something, it is difficult to have typos in what you are writing . the thing that follows your eye when reading to help you scroll works but not sure how to make it do that on purpose . when reading small prints, you can hover over the content with a finger and it magnifies the content . a lot of cool features i have yet to figure out . it has a good size battery that lasts more than a day with normal use .   i don't use a cell phone a lot, but i love the functionality of this phone . it is more like a mini tablet . it is also great for more precise selections and for note taking . i am very happy with the resolution of the screen and the response of both touch and pen . at this point in time, i couldn't be happier with this phone or the verizon service . i was assured by the t-mobile rep that as long as the phone was unlocked, i could replace the verizon sim card with the one from t-mobile and the phone would work with no problems after activating the t-mobile sim card . i was also told by verizon that this phone "may" work with another cdma carrier, but it my lose functionality .   great phone, does everything that i ask for my smartphones to do . larger size takes a little getting used to but it makes browsing and email much easier to navigate  .   i love this phone . i've loved every galaxy phone that i've owned . fits well in my front pocket  .   awesome phone, does everything but make dinner for you . if you've had an android smartphone, pretty easy to learn how to use  .   perfect size for quick document display, easy to use, extraordinary battery life, extremely clear and beautiful photos - i bought a bluetooth headset for the phone . love it . love it  . most would say these are not fair comparisons because they are not in the same tier . i loved the idea of the front facing speakers, slightly larger screen, and better build . but what sold me was: replaceable battery, better gpu in the snapdragon 800, and amazing amoled screen . it charges extremely fast  .   i love this phone! it is big but you get used to it . i look at other phones now and think they're too small now . it charges super fast! amazon had a great price . there was a little issue with verizon as buying from the site set off a fraud alert but it was cleared up quickly with a phone call  .   the best smart phone that i ever had . interface is excellent, touch screen works well and there are plenty of apps from google play store  . the note 3 is a great phone . it's fast and it's multi tasking capabilities are awesome . and to top it all off it has a stylus pen that is great for doodling taking notes an also very helpful when it comes to photo editing . the large screen is great for everything and the battery last me all day . i love this phone . at first i thought size would be to big, but it's perfect for me . overall it's the best phone i have ever owned  . a bit difficult to navigate and can not load pics directly to facebook from photo album  .   crazy phone huge screen fast and i haven't had a problem yet . the battery life is great and i'm also a huge fan of the speak texting it has i could never go back to iphone . excellent phone, recommended . memory seems to be plenty and the phone runs pretty smooth at all times . recommended to restart the phone every so often for better performance . i got the smart cover case and works wonders . i had the samsung galaxy s4 and i was able to work it with one hand easily but the note 3 took a little more effort to get used to . i like it and would recommend it  . yes, the screen is huge, but that's a good thing! it does fit in your pocket (it fits everywhere my last phone did) . battery is good but not amazing . i usually get a day and a half out of it, but i have killed in less than a day by playing games/browsing for 4+ hours  . one thing that has been a bit of a disappointment has been reception . voice reception has dropped off as well and at times fades out but returns in the same location . never had that issue with the razr .  amazing device . exceeds my expectations .i would recommend this to anyone looking for a great smartphone  .   i did a lot of research before purchasing my first smart phone . i am love the big screen and the stylus for me works extremely well .   loved the price, quick delivery, and the item! everything worked out as promised and i couldnt be more satisfied than i am  .   over the years i've always had great phone's, however; i must say this is the best phone i have ever owned . i had taken four months to research all of the phones out there and am pleased that i settled on the 'samsung galaxy note 3" . many of my friends and family tried to talk me out of it, stating it was just to big, and it certainly does look big on display, but once you get it in your hand, it fits perfectly! now that i own it, all of my friends and family want one! the look and feel of the phone is amazing! the size of the screen is awesome! i also love how you can 'hand write your text messages with your stylus pen, or you can hand write and have it automatically convert to a block style message or you can still use the keyboard if you like! i always hand write my text messages as i've never liked using a keyboard . i also love that i can jot down notes with my stylus pen, i use this feature a lot for my work . the speakers sound great - when listening to music, the mix of tones is crisp and clean while blending beautifully! i use my phone all of the time, and the battery life is amazing and especially compared to all of my previous phones! i can't say enough good about this phone . i've owned it for a month now and still haven't even touched on all of the great features this phone has! i hope they come out with a galaxy note (4) in a few years because there is no doubt that will be my next phone! thanks amazon! your impeccable service is appreciated  . very happy with my purchase  . only issue is it will freeze up every once in a while and have to take the battery out and put it back on . at first i wasn't sure if i liked it . the phone seemed to have a few glitches but seem to have worked itself off . either way, it works well . i give 5 stars to shipping though; phone arrived fast  .   love the big screen and the speed .   what i have seen so far i love it! verizon's plans are kind of expensive though . haven't figured out an easy way to carry it around  . i'm so glad i made the choice to purchase it . i can do everything that i normally do on my ipad right from my phone . love the s pen  .   so far i love it! just got it a few days ago, but already easily adjusted to the screen size (which was my biggest concern) . it's really only a little bigger than my old phone -- droid razr . they have a function that makes it easier to use with one hand if you like, but i find i can still reach around and do most things with a little stretch (i have small/average hands) . the stylus is really awesome, especially that i can take notes in lecture and not have to worry about my hand making marks on the screen when i rest it (which was a huge problem with my ipad) . with the stylus and the s note app (comes pre-installed), i can write in it as clear and naturally as in a paper notebook (huge bonus when it comes to storing notes, and wishing i had them to refer back to years later but didn't want to store those notebooks forever) . no gripes yet, but i'm pretty vocal . if i come up with one, i'll post it! oh, and huge tip from the verizon lady -- the old chargers work! the plug is totally different, and supposedly the included charger will charge it faster, but the older plugs actually fit and charge the phone! so happy i don't have to get all new accessories (car charger and more wall chargers for work and home) . recommend this one over the s4 -- does the same stuff, but bigger with a little more functionality (supposedly the processor is faster too)  . i've had the samsung galaxy note 3 for only a few weeks but i'm so glad that i purchased it . i've heard some complaints about its size, but for me that is an asset that enables me ,with my senior citizen eyesight, to be able to address all of the features built into the unit as well as maximize all of the features offered in the installed software  .   i thought it was a good phone so i bought it .and you could do a lot of things with it an i like the way everything sonic . lovely phone, pretty much does everything it says! i'm happy with my purchase and it feel great in my hands  .   this is my 5th samsung phone and i love the new features . i haven't figured out all of them but the ones i have used are great  .   twas the day before christmas i sat by my tree and opened the amazon box that contained my note 3 the box it was beautiful the phone even more i followed the guide to the letter and was online by four i downloaded my apps from the great google play christmas had come early on that wonderful day there's so much to learn about this beast of mine i'll write more about it some other time for now it's just calls and music and text i will have to say it's just as good a sex  .   so far so good i love this big guy! luv the big screen and the volume is awesome when watching a movie :) no complaints thus far  . this phone is pure awesome . however, motorola has samsung crushed when it comes to user-friendliness regarding typing . let's face it - everyone gets annoyed now and again with auto-correct . handling every multi-tasking thing you can throw at it, without skipping a beat and still begging for more  .   this is a great phone . it was a good phone too, but sprint service was terrible at home and work . i upgraded to the note 3 with verizon and can not be happier . great phone from samsung and great service with verizon . i would definitely recommend this product to anyone . you can't go wrong with this phone  .   awesome phone . came packaged very secure easy setup . wonderful experience . couldn't have chosen a better phone . fast and easy to use . i got a flip case because it's too big to easily keep on a belt clip  . i upgraded from the galaxy nexus to the note 3 in hopes of having a more productive phone . while the device does a good job with transcribing my chicken scratch, i find it hard to write small enough to fit an email address or other notes . the biggest annoyance i have is that some of the features that made this phone device to desirable just aren't that good . mainly the split screen apps . the system locks out most of the apps and only allows a small handful of apps to be use . my favorite button was the window selector that allows you to switch apps . this device has a lot of promise but samsung did a horrible job of allowing people to actually use the device . i would have no problem trading away the "bonus" features of the note 3  .   i love the phone . it has worked superbly for me . i came from a much simpler phone, so getting used to all of the options was a bit challenging but very fun at the same time . there are two things i'd like to talk about with this phone: size, and samsung's customer service . size: i can never go back to a smaller screen . i really don't care that sometimes it is tough to reach some of the letters when texting or that i almost drop it sometimes when i don't have a good grip on it . i love having so much screen real estate! i love it and i will never go back . in general though, i don't have much trouble texting on it or using it one handed even without enabling the special one handed use feature . i'm 6'2" so i'm somewhat taller than average, so it may be that i'm just large enough for the size to be a good fit . i don't think they really understand how to please customers the right way . that's probably why they have so many useless features all piled on the phone . get rid of some of them and make others just plain work better! anyway, it started with my phone arriving . i opened the box and got right into everything, then noticed that there wasn't an included headset . i just thought, "wow, are they really that cheap that they can't even include a headset(that probably costs them $1 to make) with their most expensive phone?" so i contacted customer service to see if there was any way i could get one ." my next aggravation came when i saw a news article that said "free $50 google play credit for note 3 customers . thank you for your interest!" the promotion was supposed to run for 2 months and instead lasted less than 2 weeks . really samsung? i contacted customer service again to see if there was any way a disgruntled customer could get in on those free credits ." these are somewhat little things, but it's the little things that make good customer service, and i feel like samsung fails miserably in that department  .   after 6 days, 37% battery remaining; that's pretty amazing! my last phone (droid bionic) lasted two days max . bluetooth is off right now, so that probably saves some juice . what i miss from the droid was the availability of dedicated docks for car and desk . but it would overheat in the windshield dock, which i'm hoping won't happen with the note 3 . one other negative i've noticed is the placement of the power button opposite the volume rockers . the camera seems to perform like a phone camera: ok in good light only . at a dimly-lit party with flash on produced smeared images due to excess in-device noise reduction . love the size for browsing my calendar and email . web browsing is better than on a phone, but not really competition for a tablet . just getting accustomed to the s pen and find it better than a conventional stylus . have barely scratched the surface of the extra functions . my first smart phone was a blackberry six years ago, then i graduated to the droid bionic .3 -- encourage me to learn to live up to what it can do . since this is my only portable device, i went for a sandisk extreme 64 gb microsdxc class 10 uhs-i memory card, which brings my total available storage close to 100 gb   .   might as well be equipped to take maximum advantage of this beast  .   bought for great price as a new verizon customer . all good things come to those who wait . over all i am still happy  . the advancements over the ii are like comparing regular unleaded fuel to racing fuel . yes both will get you where you want to go, but damn the trip is much more fun with racing fuel  . the process was tedious for me because i was adding my line to a family plan and did not have the account holders driver license number and some other information . luckily the amazon rep was on the phone with me and was able to help facilitate what i needed . while i was on the phone with vzw, at two separate points they tried to steal the sale from amazon but could only offer discounts in accessories (which amazon was still beating their discounted pricing) . the following day was thanksgiving when i needed to activate it, but vzw's support number was closed due to the holiday . which increased the monetary value for amazon wireless even further! the only down side (besides hours on the phone trying to activate) was the fact that although i ordered the protection plan through vzw when ordering with amazon, verizon had no record of that . all in all, i had a lot of hiccups with the process, but the amazon wireless customer service made right by everything i went though and was a pleasure to work with and well deserving of my business .   this is a great phone . i love the big screen . the phone is fast, which is very important to me since my last phone had a very long and annoying lag time when i tried to make phone calls . the camera takes nice pictures . a couple of annoying things about it are: 1) the audio volume rockers are directly opposite the screen on/off button, which results in many unintentional presses that change the volume when trying to turn off the screen or turning off the screen when trying to adjust the volume . 3) the video recording software freezes often  . i have my own business so appointment setting is easy with features . easy to talk on phone will surfing the net and google map at the same . the screen is big enough for this feature . also the s pen is awesome for note taking or jotting down orders . last but not least the screen is bright so outside use is no different from inside and battery is awesome heavy use for me is 10 hours  .   hands down the best phone i have ever owned . this was shipped fast and was also the cheapest place to get it . arrived quickly, works awesome and i love the phone . i found you-tube videos extremely helpful to discover what the phone is capable of . thank you  .   best phone ever except for the speaker is a little cheesy other than that awesome and has decent amount of battery life . the screen is brilliant and sharp . it is large for a phone but it serves as a small tablet and lets face it we use smart phones more for surfing and texting than talking  .   i love my phone i am extremely happy with it it froze once but that was it other than that i haven't had any issues with it  . go to your search engine, search note 3 reviews, read the reviews and buy it because it's and awesome phone  .   love the size of the screen . doesn't feel silly big . the camera is awesome and love some of the s pen features . this is not a deal breaker because i really like some of the other options  .   this is my favorite phone yet . at first i thought that such a big phone would be inconvenient . i can't speak for everyone though, and i would encourage anyone looking to buy this phone to look at it in the store, and see what it feels like in the pocket, etc . the phone isn't tablets sized, it's still just a big phone . i have no problem putting it in pockets, but i have big pockets . what i really like about this phone is that it really blurs the line on what a phone is vs . this phone has no problem doing any of those things . it plays plants vs zombies 2, minecraft pocket edition, stuff like that . the stylus is quite handy - i find myself using it quite a bit . i like the fact that it's attached into the phone, making it difficult to lose (there's a setting where the phone reminds you not to leave your stylus behind if you walk away) . all in all a great phone, perfect for my uses  .   this phone is amazing! the screen is beyond nice and the camera is better than any standard digital camera . the ability to work on two windows is incredible  .   fast and tons of memory . reserve several days to learn all the functions of this feature rich smartphone  .   i have always been a 'galaxy' girl, since it first came on the scene, i absolutely love this note 3  .   i'm buying the galaxy gear as well as the galaxy tab 3 10 . amazing cellphone . i'm very happy with it . i really like the battery is also durable . i recommend it  . most expensive and valuable phone since i ever had the phones! hope samsung add some more s-view functions  . most expensive and valuable phone since i ever had the phones! hope samsung add some more s-view functions  .   i was excited to have this shiny new phablet, until i started to use it . i think of myself as tech savvy, but the phone had little logic in the design of the menu's or locations for any of it's 80 important settings . the camera rocks at 13mp with crystal clear pictures, as long as you use the flash  .   the s-pen working on the "back" and "list" buttons was very nice but palming the pen to push the home button is tedious . the display is stunning and the "adapt" features on both the sound for headphones, and visuals are great . speaking of sound, if you like listening to music or watching videos, i suggest you pick up a decent pair of headphones with your order . the speaker is terrible, its distorted and very sharp on c and s sounds . while loud, it lacks clarity in its volume . i've had some one talk to me using my phone and the distortion is present here as well . it, like every other phone i've purchased in the last 2 years, comes pre-installed with a ton of "instant disable" apps . (i would love to get the choice of what i want to store on my phone for a change .) it also functions poorly with the youtube and spotify apps i run . it turned on at its choice of awkward moments, calling and texting without my knowledge . this, more than any other reason, lead me to the decision to send it back and choose a different phone . i'm going to miss the s-pen and scrapbook but i think i can get over it . the samsung galaxy note 3 might be a great phone for some, but not for me . i wouldn't recommend it, but i won't say it was a bad phone . i like where they're going with this line but i'm going to stay away until they work out all those bugs  .   good luck, and happy shopping :-) . was very impress with their shipping . i love this phone is so big, fast and has so much more options in settings rather than the iphone . i choose to change from apple to android because yes apple is very fast but after a while like at the end of the year my iphone 4 started to get very slow and not respond as much as when i first bought it . now i'm just trying to compare but so far my note 3 is great! of course i have to be extra careful because it is a really big phone and can easily be drop if not grabbed correctly  .   better than iphone hands down  .   absolutely love this phone! its like a pda, a bb, and an android got together and made whoopee! love it  .   previously had the galaxy note & was considering on upgrading to note 2, but after seeing the note 3 knew it was the best choice . it is lightweight & very comfortable in my hand . i work in the medical field & use it constantly all day long, as well as tracking my fitbit information . this smartphone is the absolute best phone i've ever owned  .  worth every penny i paid  .   i am so glad i waited for this phone instead of jumping onto the s4 . the display is phenomenal, the s pen is an awesome tool . i held onto my droid bionic for longer than i wanted to, because i just wasn't that excited about the phones that were available . having the unlimited data from vzw still, i knew i'd be paying retail price to keep my data plan and wanted to make sure i waited for the right phone . samsung did a great job, and i personally am glad they did not jump the screen up to 6 inches for the note 3 . the display size is perfect, but any larger would be too big for a phone . i liked it's aluminum build, but for me, it just didn't have enough to challenge the note 3 . it's fast, feature loaded, and i have a lot of fun with it . best of all, amazon price matched the phone to verizon's website price, so i saved $100 and was able to use an amazon . very glad i made this purchase with amazon  . the device, though large, feels great in hand . the stylus, with the quick actions that launch automatically and also when you push the button (and air gestures) works very well . i got easily 2 days worth fo use without charging, and a solid day of heavy usage . and the sd card slot is so underrated these days, as well as the removable battery . the "leather" back didn't look or feel cheap to me . okay, so why didn't i give this phone a 5, or even a 4? according to the rating guideline, a 5 is "i love it," a 4 is "i like it ." well i liked it at first, but never loved it . but over the course of a week i ended up not really liking it . the colors are not consistent between the different apps and settings . coming from a galaxy nexus, the ui was just jarring to me . i didn't care for the hard buttons either, although that's just a preference . the way the samsung framework is set up, there's no easy way to enable on screen keys either . overall i was just not happy with the ui and the ux . also, the screen ppi settings are wrong for a screen of this size . as it is, you don;t really get any more usable room in apps than you would in a galaxy note 2 . the only places you'll really see the screen shine with pictures, games, web and video . for me anyway, all other apps seemed to be overblown because the ppi settings are wrong . i like that phone a lot better . plus, the g2 is capable of being flashed with cyanogenmod, if that's your thing . other features like air gestures, eye tracking etc are just gimmicks to me anyway  .   great phone with great features and great display . lighter than i thought and with the case i got, the weight is just perfect  .   the best smart phone i ever had . i am a real estate agent and i use my smart phone for business purpose . just love this phone  .   a great phone with tons of functions .   great phone! it has not had a single problem . it's so quick and has such awesome features . i even talked 4 of my family members into buying this phone and they love it as well . i love this phone, i exchanged my note 2 with note 3, shipping so fast, ive using it for the past 3 days, im in love with this phone  .   super fast, beautiful screen, battery pretty good  .   one this is the magazine sometimes freezes the phone but you can disable it from the magazine settings . love amazon peace . this phone is literally the best phone i've ever owned . everything is buttery smooth and i love it . it feels great in the hand . though the screen is bigger, this phone is thinner and lighter than the note 2 . i really didn't think i could love a phone more than my beloved note 2, but i was wrong! full hd 1080p takes things to another level . i paid full price for the phone and it was worth every penny . samsung has won a new fan  . good phone thanks . phone was received in good condition and works fine  . verizon specifically has locked the boot loader so you cannot upgrade the operating system unless you are lucky and they did not update to version 5 . don't take the risk! i got this phone so i could run a better operating system and keep it running for years to come at better speeds than the new ones . looks like that won't be happening . if you do not plan on rooting/jail breaking the phone and getting a new operating system you will not have to worry about this . i do not use a cover so regular wear and tear of putting it in my pocket and pulling it out etc have worn it away somehow . the phone is fast, responsive, and a great platform . i am just bummed that i wasn't aware of the verizon issue with these phones .   great product . everything is in it's original packaging like you would see if you purchased this cell phone new from a retail store  .   too much dent on the phone . i try to buy this phone for my friend who live over sea later on i find out that this phone is not international version maybe it won't work over sea i would try another one later on  . i've ordered another one hoping the next one will work properly . update: i received another phone i would like to say this phone is working properly and cosmetics wise it looks like a brand new phone i am very happy with my purchase so far  .   loved the phone! customer service was amazing too  .   i like it, it is like brand new  .   the camera sensor came in messed up . alot of these refurb phones are not fixed properly  .   i know other peeps will have their own opinion but in my experience this is one of if not the best piece of computing hardware and software devices ever as far as phones go . the note series of phones are the best phones ever put on the market by far and i expect will continue to blow away the competition by very wide margins . do yourself a favor and throw that piece of i-crap in the garbage and get a real phone  .   i tried ordering a case to go with the phone but you had old info on a lost credit card so every thing got messed up . i tried to correct the problem but never got the case . my phone is very cool and i like it alot, i'm mr mullan  .   i love it . look like new . a good phone . came with a few minor scratches but the phone overall did what it was meant to . i didn't have a single scratch on the screen but had some chipped paint on the sides . the price was pretty amazing for the product though  .   love the phone, stylus, and features . was in immaculate condition almost new . i sketch/draw a lot, so the wacom digitizer was the biggest feature for me  .   awesome! boyfriend loves it  .   nice phone terrible presentation . worst refurbished presentation ever . no box, no headset, no original charger is just the worst experience i ever had  .   i love it . many features did not work on straight talk and pictures are always upside down . phone was in good condition and is as represented by seller . i did my homework too about the types of phone operating systems that would work on straight talk  .   good phone, but i actually like the prior generation more it feels more like a phone/tablet and has a wider screen , but this phone is good and more convent to carry around . bought a used note 3 in perfect cosmetic condition . like all phones, it immediately went into a case with a screen protector .   great device great price . i loved it ! it works perfect with t mobile, i recommend it  .   works great! easy to use, perfect for personal or business related things .   good deal . love the product . excellent and on time  . there is clearly something dysfunctional with the phone i received .   phone was actually pretty good but i developed a problem with the antenna while under warranty . samsung support is terrible . if support is important to you avoid samsung as their reps simply do not take ownership of problems  . work as expected .   works great received the item 5 days early thanks happy camper  . note 3 still i think one of the best phones out in the market .   phone arrived much sooner than expected, which made me a happy camper! i love this phone . all i had to do was insert my sim card and my sd card and pop the battery in and away i was! this is the best phone i've had yet  .   pretty good condition, need to get a new s pen though, mine is malfunctioning alot . besides that you get whats expected, and shipping was pretty fast too  .   great  .   works great, but seems to forget my custom settings randomly . it has a good sized hd, has good speed, and has a splendid camera  .   perfect phone, looked new, works great, is everything i wanted it to be . great deal . phone is in good shape for being almost three years old . the screen has no scratches at all, the housing has a small dent on one corner . it works fine on the family mobile network even though it is branded at&t . good phone at a good price . i love it . wow everything was mint as described . thank you  .   perfectly described! the only thing wrong with it, was there was a couple dings on the corner of the phone . works perfectly fine and used it with the straight talk bring your own phone package . it even came in before the delivery date! thank you  .   great shape .   i absolutely love my cellphone  .   it's so easy to understand and use . the camera is fantastic! the only thing i'll say is it's super skinny u must have a durable case to not hurt it! it's fast and web browsing is so easy to save all ur fav sites! buy it bc it's so worth the price paid  .   happy with the product . love it  .   my daughter picked the phone out and she loves it♡♡♡♡♡ thank you .   love it thanks . honestly , so happy with this purchase . thought the size of the phone would bother me, but after using it for a while i just got used to it . its such an amazing phone & it came right on the date it stated . excellent purchase  .   work great . great phone  .   excellent phone! i don't have problem i love :) . for the money you spend its worth its value  .   wide screen, able to use it in india as well with 4g, sleek and completely fits it description . gps does not work properly . great phone . phone came just as advertised and looked great  .   very happy with the product and it worked right out of the box in another country . i can easily recommend this compay  . he is extremely pleased and loves the large size . the more i look at it, the more i wonder if i shouldn't get one as well .   good and working great  . it looks good as promised . i'm having one issue with transferring data to pc . but still testing to ensure it continues to work  . perfect  . way better than i expected . phone is in perfect condition and works with my carrier as promised  . love it . it was delivered fast and have not had any issues  .   there's a point where products like the note 3 and the note 4 are not really different . there was really the big difference between de devices . don't get me wrong, i am a tech fan, i appreciate the little details, but thinking about functionality, for me, there was no big differences between this two  . no defects, and seems to be in great shape . only problem i see is that the wrong charger was sent with the phone . the charger works, but takes a good 10 hours to completely charge the phone . that is my only issue with what i received with this product  .   great phone so far  .   it's all that and more very good phone  .   i love my phone thank you  .from now i shop from this store they have really good quality the phone is great just the adapter is not originall but it's ok i like it  . great products  .  very clean no scratches  . seller has excellent communication when i had queries . by far an overall good experience . this phone works really well with very fast data rate with lte service  .   my husband had if for 4 mo the and the screen doesn't work not happy . i'm a big fan of the features . however, if i put the phone in my pocket upside down, it will randomly restart . but i'd rather sacrifice my convenience to hold onto the phone and stay connected  .   great at&t replacement  .   i really like my samsung galaxy note 3, my new phone is fast a lot of properties you can do lot of things its fantastic looks like note 4 the camera is great  .   i love this phone it is the best phone that i have so far . i love using air command and the s-pen . great, great phone . it came unlocked just like it said and i did not have any problems setting it up with t-mobile . i am glad i got it  . tank you very much i like the phone .   this phone arrived in excellent condition and has been a great phone all around . i love the big screen and am surprised at how well it fits into my ladies' size pockets . don't think i could ever go back to a smaller screen  . the pinnacle of phones  . it seems to be a problem when they unlock the phone .   excellent everything thankful . i'm satisfied with this item . the charger works great with my note 3 . seller did a great job of it to me quickly . had to root and customize it to get it to work properly on tmobile but no biggie  .   pick this up from warehouse deals in like new condition . this phone works superbly, has a great screen, and i was able to set it up on the att gophone plan without a hitch . 4g lte, very good coverage in my area (about an hour from atl .), numerous features, no lag, very happy with this phone! it should last me a good year and a half, even though it has already been out for a year or more . great phone  .   i liked the phone until i took it to the att store and found out the sim card is not responding to the att service . the rep at the store put in a new sim card and called my phone and it didn't ring at all but clearly rang on his phone . for everyone who purchases a product on line, please make sure you take it to the appropriate store to get it checked out to make sure it is working properly before the 14 day return policy expires . my phone would ring a couple of notes and then go silent but continue as though it was still ringing . i wouldn't hear the notes or they wouldn't play at all and it went to voice mail and then made a ding to let me know i had a voice mail waiting . also, when i would call out, the phone would show dialing for about 30 seconds and then hang up . this didn't happen all the time but enough for me to call the att service department who then directed me to go to the att store because it was the phone itself, not anything on their end . i didn't have issues with my old pre-paid att phone that was less advanced than this one so i have to go back to it for now . i have no problems with anyone, this phone just happened to be the one that had some issues . very reliable phone . i would highly recommend it  .   great fone . nice & light . very pleased about the upgrade and about quality of the phone . i got also a very secure hard case because in the previous one the case was very slim and it did not protected it well  .   wow what can i say . the phone looked better than bran new, not a scratch or neck anywhere . look good, bad phone . bought used and came in perfect condition  .  i love it  .  i had to manually configure apn settings to get my lte for t-mobile to work  .   yay a phone that works  .   best phone i have every ownd . great buy . i would of given it 5 stars because its a greattt phone but when i opened the box it had no headset and the picture specifically shows that it was coming with'one, but other than that the phone is great no problems whatsoever, i'll be purchasing 2 more  .   great phone . great phone . still learning how to to use all the wonderful features  .   everything was good  . phone works great . has good battery life .   love it  .   love, love, love my new note 3 phone . works great plus a good price  .  just so happy  . i love this phone period  .   it works very good happy happy . i love it a lot was not sure how to turn my data on had to go to the networks from my settings .   this phone is just amazing  . i love the phone and its highly recommended  .   i love it . don't make a false commercial, i bought the phone because it had the samsung watch and the case; open the box and found only the phone so disappointed, great phone though  .   the phone appearance great but having problem with some of the futures shipping was exact date . love the display size . with a sturdy drop-protecting case, it is heavier and bulkier than the usual small phone but it is well worth having a phone that can double as a tablet . easy to use . love the camera . works well on my consumer cellular service (which uses the at&t network) . did have to make a few calls and experiment a little to get the right apn settings but once that was resolved, it works perfectly  .   fast, great shape, thank you  .   best phone ever! i would recommend anyone who is having second thoughts to buy this phone without hesitation . you won't be disappointed the samsung galaxy note 3 rise beyond my expectations  .   wow is all i can say  . works great with net10 . haven't had any problems  .   it work perfectly fine with at&t . i also have no problem with the 4glte . love! love! love this phone .   loving the phone  .   this was used and i was a little hesitant to purchase it . i am glad i did  .   it was well packaged . got here in great time . and was well taken care of! i love the size and ease of use  .   i love samsung  .   great phone  .   work perfectly and fast . wonderful phone sometime it freeze up . wish i knew that i could buy insurance on amazon to protect my investment  .   delivery was very fast, great phone  .   great phone .   great deal  .   item arrived in excellent condition! i have been very pleased with this product and it actually arrived a day earlier than expected! :-) . very nice phone . cons: some of the functions don't work due to being blocked by att apps . a little bulky pros: very fast 28g space for apps . no more juggling apps due to lack of space . all functions can be made to work with workarounds found by googling them . am getting used to the bulkiness of the phone and the big screen size is great for reading and surfing the net . overall very happy with the phone .   best phone ever  .   so easy to use and being 57 years old that's saying a lot . also easy to type as i have xl hands . so glad my old phone died  .   the bezel siding came very scratched up  . the note three was great looking . i would recommend for anyone . great seller  . definitely worth it . i was able to enter all the info and compatible sim cards to transfer these to net10 no contract phones . everything worked (internet, sms messages, texts  . this is the best upgrade ever and very worthwhile . much faster than our old phones, plenty of case options on the internet, highly customizable, and finally a big enough screen to read on . i use mine to do my college internet assignments on and i love that i can annotate by hand with the s-pen . shipped fast, was in the original box like promised, pristine condition on both (though you could clearly tell they'd been opened before) . had an extra item that i'd asked be included special, that was missing but when i contacted the seller they responded fast and got the requested item, that they'd originally agreed to send, sent to me very fast and at no extra cost  .   great phone and it works with metro pcs too  .   very happy with the phone  .   best phone i owned  .  very happy with this one . very satisfied, if i didn't know better i would have thought it was brand new . works perfectly and it was just as described  .   the best ever  .   works perfectly! fast and full of features, beautiful resolution and i love the abundance of memory space, i have a 32 gig sd card added so i'm never low on memory  .   i give it an outstanding across the board . great phone but i tried it with at&t an it didn't work, had 2 get another phone instead  . i love the notes, but must have had the international version i bought from walmart it was aweful . great phone . exactly what i needed for work and leisure . not too small and has a stylus) it was unlocked, so i was able to use a sim card from a network provider in a different country . works great  .   upgraded from an galaxy s2 . very fast, some very cool features even though you wont use all of them . s-pen is great for people on the run and need to keep quick notes or can be used as note pad as well . when using transcribe i dont have best handwriting and interpret s my text well . not apple bashing but does stuff an iphone cant  .   great phone love it  . great phone! super fast . great color . son loves this phone . great price for a non contract phone compared to what they charge at the phone stores . so runs perfect  .   good value compared to note 4 that i seriously considered buying  .   i bought it for my 18 year old son, he loves it! it was a major upgrade from what his dad had bought for him years ago and would not let him upgrade . we would like to get a screen protector and a case for it and we can't find them on the rack anywhere, do you have the ones that would fit  .   replaced my last note 3 that was stolen- still love it  .   love it   . works great in good condition  .   samsung note 3 - 2016 nov reviewed when it was launched i was not fond of it , but later it started growing over me, when compared to the competitor in the market its a beast of spec the day i bought, even today its a descent spec having 3 gb ram with quad-core 2 . personnel exp : one time i went in to the swimming pool with my note 3 in my pant pocket and forgot to take it out , i realized after 25 minutes omg my phone with me under water , but good thing i had the knowledge in reviving it back , i didn't switch it on , just took it out let it dry out for some 15 to 20 minutes then kept in the rice jar for 3 days , after that it worked as a charm . of course i did have some loud speaker sound cut off some times . i have ordered by use of every individual person daily tasks in practicality of my view, build, call quality , camera , battery, screen and processor build - it has a great build quality and withstands drops . camera - 16 mp camera , using the camera360 app which makes the photos to live and meet your recent phone expectations, 4k videos are awesome in this set , it still a great camera , front camera is ok kind and good enough for skype or any other video calls . battery - i do feel a battery drain due to the android 6 , also its been 3 years may be need to change the battery . s health - does work a great in keeping my steps and other health stuff in shape . call quality is great and clear sound , ringing sound is great .7 inch amoled screen ,awesome color reproduction to live as i didn't have a scratch guard , yes it has some visible scratches, but gorilla glass concept is like when you switch on the screen , you wont find the scratches visible and neither disturbs your visibility of the phone .3 ghz krait 400 with 3gb ram , it has great processing speed even today it supports all apps with breeze and games are great in it , i still miss the quad display which i have it in the samsung note 4(note 4 review i have posted separate ) . one thing i miss is samsung is poor in giving software updates that too under att ,common it has a great configuration but still running in android 5 .0, poor support , which apple is great in this department . but yes i have rooted and installed android 6, it works as a charm s-pen - practically speaking i used it initially then i didn't take it out often, just some times if some one says phone number , address , i wont say you can buy the s series instead of note 3 as this unit has some great performance compared to the s series  . this is not a usable phone . also, the screen is clearly a replacement and not the original because it is so thin . i am not happy with this product  .   flawless  . love this phone . huge screen and great graphics . this phone appeals to the android user who likes to pinterest, facebook and watch their netflix! i'd give it 5 stars but i'm a bit bummed by the lower standard of stylus pen, ability to remove it from it's little slot and it's lack of on-screen sensitivity in comparison to its predecessors . programming is great! works similarly to the older note versions but still has adequate improvements  . works great . great phone, shipped timely  .   big screen, reliable, good battery, love the stylus, lasts very long . product was in amazing condition thank you so much  .   the phone came in great working condition  . the listing returned by my search said "unlocked phone, works with any gsm carrier"; but when i clicked through to the seller list, that listed seller's description also listed the quality as "used/acceptable", then described what sounded more like "badly abused" . this phone looks like new . the one problem is, amazon *didn't tell me* or give me the opportunity to see that edge cellular's original listing stated the phone edge was selling was locked to at&t's network . so, kudos to edge cellular . it's going the extra mile like this that brings customers back for future purchases . i wish amazon made it easier to see differences between individual item listings when it compresses multiple sellers into one listing for an item . this problem was not edge's fault, but they're trying to fix it anyway . the truth is, amazon created the problem here, not edge . this kind of multi-seller listing works fine for, say, a kitchen utensil or a book or a laptop computer — but problems arise when amazon does it with smart phones and mixes locked and unlocked phones together in the same listing, without warning the shopper that some of the phones may be locked . i haven't regretted the decision . the note 3 has a brilliant, bright, vivid, pin-sharp full-1080p screen with great color saturation and dense, rich blacks . its eight-core exynos processor does the magic balancing act of being fast when performance is needed, but energy-efficient when battery life is needed, by having four high-performance cores and four high-energy-efficiency cores and switching back and forth between them as needed . it's a brilliantly inspired design . backed up with 3gb of ram and a huge user-replaceable battery, it means a fast, well-performing phone that will go as much as two days on a battery charge . the galaxy note 3's large screen makes it easy to use, but if you find yourself needing a little more precision or you want to scribble down some notes in a hurry, the s pen stylus comes in as a killer feature . (unless you're a woman and have to deal with those silly shallow fake pockets that fashion designers love to inflict upon women, that are just about big enough to hold your car keys or a handful of loose change . but, to be honest, i've yet to try any "smart phone" that i actually thought was a decent phone . they all share atrocious audio clarity compared to a landline or voip phone . i've found that the best two ways to clearly hear a call on the galaxy note 3 are either to turn on speakerphone mode and then hold it as if it were in regular phone mode, or used a wired — not bluetooth — headset . (i have a skullcandy titan headset that is fantastic, but the titan has been discontinued for several years now .) and even at that, the experience in this household is that while all smartphones have terrible voice audio clarity, samsung phones tend to be better/clearer than many others . however, nobody buys modern smartphones because they're great phones .) people buy modern smartphones because they're great pdas . (or aid, or handbrain, or fondleslab; insert your favorite euphemism here .) and as a pda, the galaxy note 3 was the best on the market when it hit the market, and hasn't gotten any worse since . the one real drawback of this phone is that the only way you're ever going to get an android os newer than 5 .0 (marshmallow) or newer for this phone, which they don't, you'd probably want to go the cyanogen route anyway, because on devices for which they do offer marshmallow, samsung decided to cripple it by disabling adoptable storage, possibly the single most important-to-the-end-user feature of marshmallow after its up-to-30% energy-efficiency improvements .) so, there you have it: great phablet, limited android upgrade future unless you're prepared to root it and install cyanogen, and be very wary of amazon mixing locked and unlocked phones on the seller list for the same listing  .0 with critical stagefright vulnerabilities) so obviously opened and resealed, which does not work for me . i am very disappointed with this phone . love,fast shipping and great quality just as described  .   love the phone and was a great condition when they said it wasn't as good . so thank you  . like new great phone .   very happy with my new samsung  .   please be honest each other the phone hab arrived today and i open it see many things no perfect . i would like to return my refund as soon as possible when you get it . item was shipped very fast and phone looked exactly like it said it would  .   other than the phone is pretty banged up on the edges, it seems to be working really well so far  .   i love galaxy's phones  .   i love it . not satisfied with this purchase .   this phone sucks always says no service  . i miss calls a lot because of it . i had lost an identical model . i'm pleased to have it  .   this phone has exceeded expectations  .   got it for my son & he loves it, it is easy to operate & has excellent features, he installs security systems & this is the perfect phone for him . it is in excellent condition, like new & works great, have not had any problems at all . i was skeptical about it when ordered but very pleased with everything  . i love this phone! simple and easy to use . especially like the "notepad"  .   the phone was damaged it wooden charge but i was going on vacation so i took it it worked but slow charging wen i got back had to change the charging port it was damaged so now i just have to get it to mount the sd card that i haven't been able to do .   for some strange reason, my galaxy note 3 only works with my s pen now i have to send it back and go without a phone for good knows how long . why sell defective products  .   i absolutely love it . it's nice to not have to enter into a next contract with at&t . after many drops, in its case, it is still my 1st choice for a smart phone . the camera could be better is all  .   quick delivery, phone works great . love these phones we have four of them  .   i absolutely love this phone  .   the touch screen has quit working after two weeks and i haven't dropped it and have a protective case and screen protector . very disappointed  . and it was hard to lock my phone . and sometime it's slow or won't work . i don't like it and i won't be buying anything off of here or from you aging  . the battery life sucks  . samsung didn't do a great job with this phone . i hate it  . i've been through the ringer with different phones from online and this on came prfect condition and so easy to use . great product . i am very pleased with my phone . thank you .   loved it  .   the size of that note is quite big i personally will not purchase this for myself but that's what my daughter want and she likes it the features are working fine let's see how long it will last   .   the phone works and it is a great phone but the proximity sensor is not working, i have to turn off the screen every time there is a call . waste of money . love the phone but if it won't charge it is no good to anyone  .   love it, many thanks  .   screen freezes  .  slow at,times opening pictures . great phone . horrible phone doesn't even turn on and way worse condition than stated . now phone just sits here and money wasted  . also broken little bit on the edge of the phone  .   this went above and beyond my expectations everything was perfect look like a brand new phone  . and the people were very very helpful  .   phone couldve been, the digitiser looks funny, but overall great condition . i was very skeptic when i bought this in "like new" condition . no scratches on the case or screen . it came with a generic charger that has a low output amp but it does charge, just not as fast as the original .   i have greatly enjoyed using this phone  .   bought this for my wife about 15 months ago and it's still working like new . i offered for her to upgrade her phone and she says she's still loving her note 3 and declined the offer  .   i absolutely love this phone . this phone is as fast as my pc-- i cannot believe how fast this thing is-- and it has so many awesome features that i don't even know where to begin . i am absolutely satisfied with this phone, and i would highly recommend it  .   awesome  .   great phone . the note 3 is almost as big as the iphone 6 plus . what drew me to this phone is the sd card, use the 32 gb cause the phone is only compatible with the 32 gb . the performance of note 3 is pretty ease to manage . love it  .   the phone works really good, no problems . love it  .   i got exactly what i had hoped for and the phone works amazingly  .   great phone . great seller . unfortunately it got stolen mid august just 4 months after purchase . i purchased this as a replacement for my beloved note 3 . my note 3 was soaked in a storm but, when i let it dry out, it worked perfectly . wow! so, amazon delivered a timely replacement but i never opened the box . thank you  .   battery runs down fast  .   great phone . great shipping . very disappointed  .   one very happy customer . the pen is amazing, and being both an aspiring game designer and love messing with animation, the pen lets me do my work on the go with a simple app download, love it . however, the only reason why i did not rate it with 5 stars, was because the battery was bad and it kept dying about half way through the day  .   very satisfied customer  .   love this phone  .   i like it - it works just like new . however sometimes the volume (specifically in the alarm) doesnt go off, it will just vibrate even i have it on full but no biggie . just like new  .   it works great . love it . kind of heavy to be lugging around but it works great . fast shipping and very pleased with my purchase . arrived in perfect condition everything works as it should . phone was in great condition, just the keyboard app crashes after having it less then a month  .   outstanding phone . looked new and works flawless . and fast shipping and well backed to keep from damage . thanks a lot for the great service  .   i love it . amazing product . speedy delivery . this has been an excellent purchase . this phone has met and exceeded my expectations! the shipping was very fast .   my husband loves it .   the batery came damaged i hace to charge it 2 r 3 times a day . this phone is easy to use and has an abundance of programs that come with it . but the ease of use because of the size is exactly what i wanted  .   product wasn't described well the phone is a lot more damage than expected  .   i am very unhappy with this "refurbished" phone . every thing did work, but it looked like it was kept in a mechanics tool box before . it was the worst refurbished product i have ever got from amazon . numerous nicks and scratches on the edges .   great phone and very fast shipment  .   great phone from what i saw for a small amount of time before it wouldn't hold a charge and shut off . going to just assume i was given a crappy battery or something . don't understand why the phone not only came not charged but was also not tested before it was shipped out? just really unprofessional and dissappointing  .   my best buy from amazon to date  . works flawlessly and so far no kinks or problems! i came from having the blue 6" hd cell phone . i will never go back! there are so many options that i haven't even discovered yet! thank you for an amazing product at an affordable price  .   great phone   .   love it  . i did a cold boot to the phone but that didn't help .   came in great condition, bought it used, the cosmetic condition was great  .   the phone is great i have used this phone since april and its still going strong . i wish i could have got the newer one but this one is great! camera isnt the best, i dont like how you cant take multiple pictures one after the other also they are blurry unless you are standing completely still . a beautiful phone  .   100% perfect condition . great phone  . the functionality and features of the phone are fine, but the microphone failed within 4 months so the only way i can talk to people is via speakerphone . these phones are clearly not refurbished to last .   awesome phone for being referbished i was worried on the quality but it exerted my expectations and shipping was fast and reliable . absolutely love it . easy to use and screen size makes texting the best l have ever had  .   awesome phone, just has pitiful reception through at&t at my mother's house . who i bought the phone for, because my personal note 3 has exceptional reception  . but when i ordered this phone it was described as like new and they described it as mint condition . but this phone has a nick on the silver around the screen towards the bottom right side . but for the price i got it i am willing to accept these things . this phone has been a life saver to me . it is one of the best phablets you could want . it is never slow and keeps a great charge . i can even have the internet open and also open a smaller window with text messages or what ever you set for the pop-up window to allow . i am always at doctors appointments for my family and always playing games and it has enough juice to last the whole day .0 usb charger (like what comes with it right off) it charges super fast . so even if your one of those people like me that forgets to charge your phone the night before you can plug it in while you get ready in the morning and be good to go in about 15 to 30 mins  .   thank you edge cellular! the seller was great the phone is as described but no dead pixels no crack screens a few nicks on the frame but otherwise flawless .0 too very nice  . i'm very satisfied with this purchase and it arrived much earlier than anticipated . i've yet to find anything to not be happy about  .   best phone i ever had . with the att net flawless  .   it came in like 2 days  .   very happy customer right here  .   it's like brand new ! thank you  .   i recieved a clean new looking and fully functional 32 gb note 3 . its working fine so far . the only problem i have experienced with the phone is that 1 in every 50 times i use the camera a third of the screen goes black . over all i think it is a good purchase  .   love this . still love it . working perfectly  .   i am loving my note 3 and i received it before the expected delivery date  .   very pleased  . works perfectly  . works as described . overall good experience  .   the phone came in great condition, but i cannot use free wifi hotspots and phone blocks me from accessing important website . i never had these problems with my other note 3  . everything works fine . it is amazing thank you so much to web host . well i took a chance popped my sim card in and it works jhat fine . i love my new phone :) . no problem turning on w/ att .   best phone that i own  .   looks great like new  . nice smartphone .   it is fantastic the best phone i ever had  .   worked as expected . i'm taking my time to become familiar with the stylus, but overall, i like the phone 100% . it was great   .   so this was the first phone i actually paid for out of my own money that wasn't directly on a contract and i really couldn't be happier with it . i was debating between this and the note 4 but after close examination of the specs the small upgrades are not worth the vast difference in price  .0 charger instead of the micro charger but other than that everything is great  .   absolutely every but as good as a brand new phone .0 cable, but regardless it's a great phone . i did also buy the zerolemon 10ah battery with a case this let's me really use the phone instead of crippling it to save battery  . very good   .   this phone is the perfect size for everything and i have never had anything including a camera that takes better pictures  .   great phone! awesome deal! very prompt shipping! came with a wall and travel (usb) charger which i wasn't impressed with (travel charger smelled of fire and wall charger broke 2 days after i got it, but i have been more impressed with this phones quality that the charger issues didn't make me change my mind . love love love my phone and would definitely buy from this buyer again  .   it is good so far .   best phone ever  .   fast delivery  .   i would recommend this product/seller to everybody! they answered any questions i had promptly  .   upgraded from a note 2, great improvements however i'm not a fan of the latest update . camera is much better & the clarity on this phone is great . battery is average, but charges fairly quickly with the original oem charger  .   i love android & samsung . but it breaks very easily . it will shatter the glass . i love this phone, i have large fingers and this phone has the largest display on the market  .   got here quick and it works perfect . and no fake phone original samsung . great! needed it asap and it came faster than amazon expected shipping! love it  .   i love my new phone! just got it yesterday and i'm so happy with it . thank you  .   extremely happy with the note 3 phone, the speed of shipping and the at&t service . this phone was advertised as very good condition . i took it to at&t and they activated it and it worked perfect . unbelievable price . greatest phone and camera ever . extremely satisfied  .   very nice and good shipping . i bought this for my gf she was a iphone fan and she loves the note 3 better than the iphone . the battery on the iphone would die super fast but the note 3 battery lastest forever love this product i would recommend it to everyone that has an iphone to switch to android  . its dead completely and i have no clue how to start it now .  can i contact at&t? very bad experience  .   phone after google lollipop was great, lag very minimal . the phone it self came with some dings can be easily covered up with a case, i didn't i like my to use my phones with out cases . the phones screen was perfect only one hair line scratch . battery life great after update . solid performer, just keep in mind if you buy, you are getting a used phone again used phone  .   i have only had this phone a few days but so far i am truly satisfied  . well my phone arrived with a flaw . there was an annoying line at the top of my screen where there was something wrong with the display . the touchscreen also was messed up . i was finally completely done and just sent it back and had to wait for a refund  .   very good phone, love the size and the brand . the phone is fun to play with . however, it froze several times and i had to turn off the phone . also, the charger did not work after less than 5 months .   awesome phone, just like new  . i've had no issues with my new (used) phone . thanks for the great phone; you saved me from having to do at&t's horrid next program  . it was like new and i'm really happy about it . great product better then i expected great price . i love this phone and i'm still using it . love my note3 had been wanting one for so long  .   best smartphone i have ever used, a+ . love all of the new s-pen features, i use s-note regularly for just jotting down some quick notes during class or for reminding me my safe combos when i play online game called dayz  .   excellent phone, i love it . i love my phone . i haven't had any concerns so far . i love my phone  . i had absolutely no problem purchasing or installing the phone . very happy  .   i am not quite impressed with this samsung galaxy note 3,it has been so much problem charging the phone, i took it to a repair shop and i was told that the charging port needs to be replaced . you should have indicated that this was an issue so i will know exactly what i was buying  . i have not had any issues with it . works great  . my wife loves her new phone . looks better than described  .   awesome phone! now waiting for expiration of my 2-year contract to upgrade to galaxy 4  . the stylus broke so that's annoying but other than that hubby very happy with it  .   love my note 3! have had no problems at all! i dropped it a few times with cover on and no problem . i dropped it once without the cover had a small crack appear . the good thing is when you look at it head on you can't see the crack! so it doesn't bother me . needless to say keep a covet on it . makes it a little more bulky  .  but isn't it worth it  .   good buy . the scratches and dents were not too much and the screen was completely ok . i recommend to buy from the seller  .   great price and very happy with the shipment  .  many thanks for the nice discount  . phone works flawlessly . no noticeable scratches or blemishes . a little disapointed  .   good phone but not for those who is accustomed one handedly, screen is too big for that . it seems like it has the same features as the s4 but with a larger screen and pen  .   great product . the phone works great and looks great to . shipment was fast and arrived earlier than expected  .   its a smart phone . its a smart phone . so many choices! this was the right one for me  . phone gets too much hot in charging within 15 minutes and shows message in phone that charging discontinued, battery is too hot .   my first note phone, i really like it so far, the screen looks amazing, the phone runs great . i haven't used the pen features much yet, and i am not sure how much i will but great phone overall . absolutely no touchwiz lag running this phone, i upgraded from a samsung galaxy s3  .   awesome phone and fast shipping  .   the samsung galaxy note 3 i purchased is just perfect for me  . but i'm having fun learning how to use it . sometimes at the expense of annoying my adult kids .   has better specs than the brand new iphone and it shows  .   love it love it love it . my wife is still acclimating to a smart phone in general, but she likes it better than the htc one x i tried to buy for her a couple years ago .   great tool for the multi-tasker! pen on the note 3 is much better than the note 2 . would recommend to a good friend any day of the week . also, i seem to have fewer issues than some of my friends who own the other most popular devices  .   the good: the phone runs smoothly and beastlyas it should . overall a great experience to be honest . good bang for the buck .0 charger and it was hard to find a good working one online . i'm guessing the phone was rooted? which kind of sucks i can't update this phone  .   excellent phone . came fast, great phone but got a note 4 for the same price somewhere else . love, love, love it  .   good product for good price . great buy . i absolutely love my galaxy note 3 . i especially love the stylus . the phone is very easy to use  .   not happy with the defective phone or the phone service  .   i love it! the item was as described! it had a few scratches around the sides from normal wear and tear, but that was expected buying it used . easy to use . great for skype and other video communication  .   two issues prevent 5 stars  .   1) gps does just not work for me even now (+1 year) when using the at&t rom  .   2) the knox application security combined with the at&t software just can't get along very well  .   i can get to avoid the problems mostly, but i get prevention information box still from time to time at a rate just short of irritating enough to go see if i can 'fix' it  . love my phone . i love this phone . perfect phone . the samsung galaxy note 3 is fantastic for a first time smart phone user . it has a clear large screen . reading and sending email makes it very easy, with a good size keyboard . it has the best android apps . the only problem is that it also is preloaded with games and apps that i do not use .   great phone . i'm happy with it . a lil scuff on the top of the rim but the screen had no scratch  .   i absolutely love my note 3 phone! it is awesome! just wish they made more selections of phone cases for it  .   screen is perfect body is good but there's one problem with this one which i still decided to keep but now is getting on my nerves now that i'm getting it ready and testing it to give as a present in christmas december 2014 on arrival the home button was kind of fudged up and by kinda i mean it goes kinda dead like it gets stuck and gets hard to press pretty much cycling between stuck and hard to press every 2 out of 3 times you press the home button even when not tapping the home button during normal use like browsing facebook then home buttoning back out to go to another app you notice the hard button and the low crack sound coming from the phone itself now like i said the phone i'm talking about is going to be a gift but this is also the second phone i bought the first phone was damn perfect i mean damn perfect (except for dirt which could be cleaned and a dirty s pen which still can't be cleaned) but other than that everything was perfect with the first purchase but the second purchase just home button issues man and that's not good on a high end phone like this one even if it's used  .   i am very pleased with this product  .   great phone . best phone ever . i am amazed samsung is not leading the market in phones . my only regret is i was not able to get the note 4 . but if, like me, you can't get the note 4 this is a great phone . the many things you can do with the stylus alone make it worth it . it is even a better phone than the 6 plus . apple even made fun of it  .   love it  .   great phone . my galaxy s3 was nearly ran into the ground and i wanted something a little bigger and faster . the price was right and i'm extremely pleased with the device . it still has 4 cores for processing so it's definitely fast enough to do what i want to do . i would highly recommend this to someone looking for a phablet  .   i probably don't have enough words to describe my satisfaction with this purchase . this phone is the next love of my life after my wife . because of the bigger screen size you can practically do anything on this that you would do on a computer . the battery life is pretty good depending on your use and runs longer than the previous samsung phones that i have seen . the best thing is that the phone charges from 0 to 100% in 2 hrs which is not bad for this size of a phone . the processing speed is very good with 3gb ram and 2 . i run multiple apps at a time, like i talk to my wife while checking my emails, chatting on whats app and shopping on amazon .   i'd give the phone a 5 but i have my worries now that i realized one of the buttons doesn't light up like it's supposed to . this leads me to believe that the screen may have been replaced . i have no proof so i cant say but it would've been nice if they mentioned that in the description . fortunately i purchased another one prior to recieving the phone as a back up . overall the phone seems to work just as i imagined . i'll update this later on if i find any more problems  .   moved from a galaxy s3 (which i loved) to this since i do predominantly work emails, reading, listening to music . with headphones these are perfect device for travelling and daily use! great battery life too  .   it's cool i love it . it was recommended by a friend and i am enjoying it . i can work on writing papers and even spreadsheets on google drive with this without straining my eyes as much . it's so comfortable and helps my productivity . love that i can see upcoming events on the calendar, too . i wanted something smaller than a tablet (small enough to jog with) but larger than a phone . couldn't be happier  .   cheap, plastic, crashing nothing but hyped marketing poor built machine  .   awesome purchase  .   love it . love my note 3, looking forward to the note 5 next year  .   easy to use stylus . s-note feature is a great tool . easy to make lists and keep up with things to do .   i love this phone  .   i can actually read without straining my eyes and type without always hitting the wrong keys . the stylus is such a great feature for writing quick notes and playing games with more accuracy . being able to flip back and forth between two windows has really been handy when you are talking with someone and need to look information up for them . only change i would like to see is when you hit the back key while in the internet that it actually logs you off the internet so it doesn't use up data .   my wife loves this phone . it is lightning fast and she can use it all day with out charging it . great product  .   great phone… last even after i've dropped it a dozen times…just keeps on working…lots of features . had worked 100% for some time now  .   how do i love thee?   . bigger, brighter screen . excellent apps . oh! and i don't have to jump through all those insane clown posse hoops that iphone creates to frustrate me .   i can place my phone back to back with my wife's note 3 and share photos and music in two shakes! one more thing, the galaxy note 3 has the usb 3 cable for faster charging and data loads . there are so many ways i love thee that i could fill pages the size of a phone book .   think i'll take my phone out dancing right now .   best phone i have ever owned  . when i upgrade cells i like to buy those that are the previous model . saves lots of money, the bugs are usually worked out, and there are lots of low cost peripherals like cases and screen protectors  .   i love my phone  .   best phone i've ever had  .   better than expected, looks brand new, no scuffs . works well with strait talk . the price was right  .   no problems so far  .   love it . this way better then a first galaxy 1 . the battery life is outstanding  .   upgraded from an iphone . great move  .   sound quality is awful! sounds like a broken speaker from the 90's . terrible for how much they want for this phone! everything else was perfect  .   amazing phone, never been happier  .   i love this phone .   very pleased with phone, screen protector and the projector, the case however was a big disappointment i guess i expected too much . as a previous iphone user, i was a little skeptical to make the switch over to an android device . the iphone was very user friendly and i was comfortable with it . however, i took a leap of faith and grabbed me a galaxy note 3 . it is much faster than my iphone ever was and the screen is huge by comparison . the s-pen is fun to use with it's numerous apps where it can be utilized like word search games and jotting down quick notes . pros -huge screen with beautiful color -13 megapixel camera with numerous settings and filters -the s pen is creatively utilized -the processor is lightning fast, transitioning between apps is nearly seamless . cons - s voice which is samsung's version of siri, needs work but they're headed in the right direction . -rear camera protrudes which makes laying the phone on it's back, susceptible to scratching the lens, however there are many cases that protect it from this . -can be a little difficult to hold and operate for people with hands on the smaller side . there are many things that can be done with this phone that it is difficult to cover it all, however there are numerous videos on youtube exploring these cool features . i am 100% happy with my decision going over to an android and i couldn't have chosen a better phone to do it with . the galaxy note 3 is just an amazing piece of technology, plain and simple  .   awesome phone . it may be a year or two old, but it's still a bit more powerful than gs5 . the screen is so crisp that i put my hd movies on it, sit back, and relax  .   great buy . works great just some apps crash and didn't before  .   the case was easy to install and seems to protect the phone . my only complaint is the way the case snaps together makes it impossible to plug in any cords with a large hub near the metal pin, such as auxiliary cables for the car stereo . other than that it's a great case for the price  .   it is like having a laptop computer in my pocket . i'm very pleased with it  .   phone worked and was shipped as described  . so far has exceeded my expectations . been reliable and suits my needs to a tee . the large screen is very nice to have since i don't have a laptop currently . gripes include unable to moves file from internal memory to memory sd card and since running kit kat have been unable to use as a hotspot without having to pay for it  .   i love this phone . it is user friendly and i love the size of the screen  .   i love my phone i just wish it would with the weather have a live weather this phone will not do that i was really disappointed in there other than that i use it all the time i love it i love it i love it . i loved the note 2 and i love the this one . android is better than ios, imo . i am glad they changed the back of the phone . it's not slippery like the older versions . that's a big plus  . 5 stars, enough said . great phone  .   absolutely amazing phone i love it . action memo is so useful i use it all the time . but i have to say my favorite parts of it are the battery and the screen . i only have to charge it like every other day and i haven't been able to kill it in a single day . and the super amoled screen is amazing i have dropped it more than once and there isn't a single small scratch on it . it's amazing! but there is one thing i don't like the positioning of the home button . according to what they say there service is great everywhere . i can not get service at my home and very poor service anywhere in my surroundings .   really enjoying the larger screen . i don't find the pen too useful and can't say i have ever used it other than showing it off to friends or colleagues . happy with the build quality and the fact that i can add more storage and carry around a spare battery for those long days away from an outlet  .   love the phone . if you like big phones and a tech savvy person you should go for this phone  .   love the phone . i used to be an iphone fanatic but i'm glad i made the switch . awesome display and customizable options . the only complaints are that after the kitkat software upgrade the battery life is significantly decreased and the power cord becomes loose with repeated used  .   great phone! it's exceeded all my expectations  . good looking phone . had one scratch at the side . didn't bother me at all . awesome  .   i am quite pleased with my purchase of this note 3 . i was skeptical about buying a refurbished device and was hoping it wouldn't be a fake or anything but it's the real deal, looks good works well and everything . only a minor ding on the bottom right corner but no screen scratches, back scratches or anything . one problem is that i am not able to get lte and i've even gotten a brand new sim for the use of it . possibly an at&t issue but will check it out . another minor thing is that it does not come in original packaging, but a weird box  .   i love, love, love this phone . i upgraded from an htc one x, which i also loved when i got it . to begin with i was torn between getting the galaxy note 3 and galaxy 5, and published, consumer reports said that beside the slight difference in size, a deciding factor would be if the consumer wanted the convenience of the note 3 stylus or the water resistance of the galaxy 5 . one of my concerns was that the note 3 would be too big to handle, but as a female with moderately long fingers, i don't have any problem holding on to it . lastly, amazon had the best price for a new at&t samsung galaxy note 3 .   thank you  .   wonderful, perfect condition  .   awsome phone! love love love it! does everything i need it to do and more! team android  .   i love my phone  .   i am very pleased with this phone . the best phone i have had to this date  .   i think i like the phone; still learning about it . screen is awesome and so are the pictures . my biggest issue that brings the overall score down is frustration with att - took me over an hour to be told i had to wait 24 hrs to try to register on their website again as they had the wrong zip code put in - they told me to use the wrong zip instead of fixing it - and over 90 minutes on the phone the next day trying to get the number ported correctly . hopefully things will progress more smoothly in the future . i do have much better connection and the phone works well .   absolutely love it  .   best phone i've ever owned . i gave my iphone 5 away once i saw one of these and orders this beauty as soon as i could . if you use your phone a lot then you will love how much more room you have to work with on the note  .   there is a lot of social ridicule you receive as a owner of this phone . i get a lot of praise for the screen size, which is one reason i was drawn to this product in the first place . complaint 1: i have made many road trips in the last 3 years using only the gps in my phone . there was only one time the galaxy sii left me stranded which was when i was in the mountains in kentucky, but figured out my way home after a short visit to a convenience store . i retired the gsii with the note 3 and regretted my decision when several of the travel/map apps kept dying . that could be poor programming of the apps, but when the phone restarted several times during the 19 hour trip, i had to bring out the old gsii to make it home . complaint 2: i cannot integrate the stylus into my life . the stylus makes it fun to draw on the phone, but since i am not an artist this is not as much a selling point as i thought it would be . this is not really the phones fault, but i like i said earlier i am moody so i am going to lump it in with review . complaint 3: i have had so many apps die on this phone and currently i cannot get google play nor gmail app to even load anymore without asking me to send a report . this is probably not the phones fault and maybe more of a complaint against google, but one reason to own a smart phone is to have access to your email and i currently do not have access to it . i recently cleaned out the phone so i can reset to factory defaults to see if this addresses all the issues i have experienced with google apps and various others . complaint 4: this phone has what i believe to be amazing horse power, so i do get ticked off when loading apps, answering the phone or taking a picture have any lag . this not a consist problem but happens enough to put on this list . i love the screen size, the 32 gb of storage, the horse power, the picture quality, and the battery life . i also love using my phone as remote  .  it really makes the hospital staff angry when you turn the station from cnn to telemundo and they have to try to find their remote .   i give u a 3 because the phone is pretty stuffed up for 450 price tag . dad is a big fan of the note series already  .  very easy on the eyes . this one improves battery life and user experience so much that he transferred to the new phone with no issues  .   great smart phone that has all the features necessary in the mobile world! you can do more than you can imagine  .   the phn freezes up . i think this is a used phn! i regret purchasing it online instead of going into the att store . i work so much . but next time i will take a vacation day if i break or drop my phone  . it's responsive to my touch and with the s pen .   i'm on at&t contract, so when it came time to upgrade i got this gorgeous phone . the only downside is locked bootloader . so freedom is still there . rooting allows me to remove some unneeded programs and also save some battery with greenify app - to gain full control of my phone in other words . other thoughts: if you are looking for contract free phone with big screen and gpe like experience and unlocked bootloader - look at sony xperia z ultra or samsung galaxy note3 for t-mobile  .   i thought this phone would be like the authentic note 3 from at&t, but it is a complete copy of it and it has a very cheap exterior .   awesome phone! battery life is noticeably sustainable on a busy day with no recharge necessary . it is difficult to have a conversation putting it up to your ear so headphones or bluetooth earpiece is a must . the phone is huge but manageable once you get used to it . fast and responsive .  love it  .   i received this a few days ago and have been working with it, it is big but i really like it, lots of new things to learn about it, but i cant wait to see what i discover next that this phone can do  .   overall this is a fantastic phone . a fantastic size it forced me to sell my now unused tablet . android apps and web browsing won't strain your eyes like on old phones and allow you to be "drawn in" to what your doing, rather than thinking how it would be better served by a larger device, like pc or tablet . if not you might want to look into something smaller  . the gps issue: it receives gps signal like a champ . i expected to have gps dropping problems because of the many reviews and blogs i had seen mentioning it, so i mentioned that problem in my review . but to be fair, after weeks of testing, the gps and online navigation works very well and i see no need to use the workarounds mentioned in those forums and blogs . either they have fixed the problem with the newer phones software, or the trigger for the problem which seems to have to do with switching from one type of data connection to another while on the move (i . so basically this phone is spectacular and the only potential flaw i heard about doesn't affect my phone or my area . no, really, she did say my phone was so big, but then really loved the screen . this is by far the best phone i've ever had  . it has all these apps on the phone like a computer and you can't get rid of some of them . i would like to sell mine if possible  .   received in perfect condition . large screen with great resolution . good battery life . easy to set up .   i've had my galaxy note iii for a couple months now and i love it more everyday . i downloaded an owners manual and read it everyday ! i didn't know if i would like the larger size but it has been great   .   i love this phone . i love it specially because of the big screen and the samsung softwares . i am surprised to see how accurate the hand writing algorithm is  .   loved the s-pen . only issue i am facing from my day to day use is the position of power button and volume control button . she had an iphone that was having some battery issues and other annoyances . she was pretty much a die in the wool apple person (all other electronics are/were apple) . she loved it over her iphone . the screen resolution and size was soo much better than the iphone . she loves all the new features . the stylist works well . she likes being able to write down a phone number, have it convert to text, and then click on it to simply make a call . she is also using my nfc tags that i have already set up at home for my galaxy 4, where it simply turns on the stereo, closes the garage door and sets the house temp to home mode (no we do not have a smart house, just some cool add on devices - way cheaper) . i could not get that to work with the iphone . anyway, she loves the phone and is very happy with it . did not have any trouble learning all the new features  .  that was the fun part .  i think they will be astounded by the performance . just make a bit more investment so that they get to use some of the fun features  .   like nfc tags etc  .   nice features, amazing screen, superfast processor . the s pen is a great tool and comes in handy for quick noted  .   i like the size of the screen . i was having an issue with software but the update fixed the issue . the pen will come in very handy to make reminders on the run . good choice of phone for me . got this for my wife and she loves it . i mean i am hard pressed to use enough of it's cpu to grab a stall . now that kit kat is available (got it up and running last night) it is even faster . as for user friendly this phone does so many things to just make people go "does my phone just know that i want this?" i am massively impressed every day, even after 3 months of using  .   i switched from an iphone and i don't miss it at all . perfect size and has so much functionality . i didn't like the android platform (home screen) so i just downloaded a better one on the play store . now its super simple like the iphone but has much much more  .   i love this phone . i'm very happy with it . i actually do school work on my phone . it's the best of both worlds  .   i wont go into reviewing this phone because all the reviews are in and the masses say this phone is great and i agree . however, beware of the known gps signal loss issue that this device suffers from, i believe its specific to this at&t branded device . if gps is important to you i suggest reading up on the known issue and visiting the at&t forums to see what i'm talking about . the sad thing is at&t knows about it and seems to be working on it but no fix seems in sight  .   big amoled screen for my old tired eyes to watch moves or browse the net, stylus+digitizer allow me to draw, good camera software with 120ps slo-mo capture . good xda support with third party roms  .   this is by far, the best smart phone that i have ever owned . the display is amazing and the processor is mad fast . the camera is very good and the call quality is nice too .   i am enjoying the larger screen that this phone has .   this is probably one of the best phones i have ever owned . the ir blaster has an amazing range . i was in the cafeteria at work and i was able to turn on captions from about 150-200ft away from the television . the only issue that i had with this phone is the screen size .5 inch screen got too big for me . 5 inches is the ideal screen size for me . it has amazing battery life and cyanogenmod 11 .its big but better performance ,battery really comes for 2 days without charging even if we use it a lot . phone is awesome with great features   .   yes its all dat, at&t is fast   .   good voice rec  .   it don't like me all wifi no use gigs for $$$ , so i fix it some day  .   if you are planning to use this as a gps with google map, beware of the potential lost gps signal in the middle of your route . update : to be fair to samsung, i think i am obligated to update my review . after the os is upgraded to android kitkat, the gps is working fine now  .   the galaxy note 3 is an outstanding phone-tablet hybrid . it's really the best of both worlds . the screen is big and beautiful . and the innards are strong, fast and smart . this phone is too good for me . i write, it converts to text, reads back what i've written in a proper female english voice . i thought the old clunker it replaced was good but the samsung galaxy note 3 is great  .   i love this phone i will never go back to a smaller phone and i use the s pen more than i thought i would . amazing resolution, great battery life, great features, light for the size . it does everything i want it to do like make it easy to type because i have hand problems i can appreciate it . numbers always on the screen is real helpful  .   phone doesnt come in original packaging and no headset thats about all i found wrong with it  .  the phone works amazing tho . by far the best phone i have ever had . i was not very impressed with them so i switched to the iphone 4s which i kept for 2 years then made the switch back to samsung after playing around with the note 3 in the store . by far the best phone   .  has the best features and andriod software is a lot better and more capable than the apple os or windows for that matter . could use a few more apps though especially free ones . apple store always had a wide selection of free apps unlike some of the 99 cent apps in the andriod / google play store . then during thanks giving i saw that galaxy s4 was for free if i just upgrade . almost decided to buy galaxy s4, but when i saw note 3 i really started loving it and it was priced at $299 . and i was pretty much happy with the features and other users response . all that i want to say is that note 3 is a great phone .   never i can go back to use a phone with small screen . if you are looking for one, then this is a great phone . for 1 day i felt its a big phone but now its no more big for me  . i have really been enjoying my phone . and the size for me has not been an issue  .   i bought this as my upgrade from a iphone 3gs soo lets just say i did wait a long time for the perfect phone   .  love the screen and all the cool features  .  and amazon has the cheapest pricing for this phone and fast prime shipping :) . it did its best to meet expectations .   why doesn't it come with a set of headphones? how much can it cost to add a cheap set of headphones to the most expensive phone on the market  .   love this phone this was my second the first one i had to send back because there was a default with the motion sensor but amazon quickly sent out a replacement since then i've had no problems with the phone i love the screen size i love the android os and i love the lte speeds only problem i have with this phone is that speakers sound a little then but the very doable .   iove this phone! i've made the switch from the apple iphone 4s and i didn't think that i would like the android operating system . but boy was i wrong i love this phone i love the screen size and i also love the whole android experience . the only thing that i don't like is that the lte service will consume your data plan fortunately i'm grandfathered in with my data but i shoot thru 5 gigabytes within 7 days this phone should have a switch that you can turn off lte switch to 4g when you don't want to use as much data and the second i fault is the speakers they are little thin sounding but the doable  .   i have been an apple iphone since the beginning, but i fell in love with the samsung galaxy note 3 .   excellent phone . after being an apple iphone fanatic for 4 years, this phone can do so much more . ease of use is great . the size is perfect  .   i love the large screen . note 3 is faster than other notes .   good phone, but android is too complicated for my mother to use . there is a easy mode, but you don't get any of the widgets . we in the family have own several galaxy models like s2, s3, s4, and note 2 . every model that came out was always a striking revelation and improvement of the previous . now i just upgraded to note 3 (at & t) and i couldn't ask for more . the battery is very impressive and it could last me 2 days with the lte 4g on all the way . processor, touchscreen and graphic user interface are fast and responsive . screen resolution is so crystal clear and vivid . i am totally happy with this guy and couldn't ask for more  .   it very good for me, one little thing is drain battery quickly download or surf on the web, the other 5 stars  .  i absolutely love this phone .   i bought this for my daughter for christmas and she was thrilled to death! the camera features are really cool and pictures are so crisp and clear! and i got it for 100 less here! my husband and i have the note 2 . both are awesome phones  .   what a amazing phone . i give this phone as a gift to my girlfriend since she broke her s4 . first of all, the phone is fast ! compare to any phones, this is the fastest one so far i ever seen .   amazing   .   the note series of phones are the best phones out there right now . i love my new note 3 is the awesomest . great for those who text or surf the net as well as talk on the phone . users manual online only, no headset provide which would be nice to listen to media and other things so everyone else is not listening to your stuff or so yo can here better .   i love this phone  .   well made, great screen  . as a small tablet, it can't be beat .   which is very useful to me  .   couple of major pitfalls however killed the dal for me: as a phone, it's useless - one handed dialing is not possible unless you have andre the giant sized hands  .   i even used a really cool feature that moves the keypad to the right part of the screen for right handed users . you have a press a favorite contact twice before it dials voice command  .   well, it's not very good and can't access it unlocked photos - you have to unlock the phone, then click the camera app - too many steps and you lose that kodak moment battery life - no better or worse than other phones  .   i require a bright sceen so it's never been a good possibility for me pros - awesome screen you can watch a movie on it and it's great - lots of real estate on the screens - widgets are way better than simple apps - open system means lots of flexibility - thinness of device, weight too - big screen lets you actually see what's on your calendar - that was very nice i had real hope for this but it failed me on a recent business trip  . i'm certain it will bring many users much happiness  . coming from iphone, the galaxy note 3 feels much larger in hand and difficult to operate with one hand, but i like the camera and the screen area it provides . i still am not familiar with all bells and whistles of it, but am loving whatever i've getting to know of this phone  . i ran quadrant and antutu right out of the box and had gotten 23,099 and 35,668 respectively . (for those unfamiliar with these benchmarking programs, these scores absolutely demolish all the other phones out there .)(it's embarassing to say that this phone is actually more powerful than my 3 year old laptop by  .) i was a little worried i might have gotten the exynos version because i want the best of the best .) i think i got a pretty good deal considering it retails for 300 . i lost the first 2 and the last was  . imagine water damage but not water . yea it was pretty gross . great birthday present for me right? well if it wasnt for that, i wouldn't have gotten this awesome phone . i got used to it super fast . i fell in love with it . the one thing i loved was that a pro version of sketchbook made specifically for the note 3 was already preinstalled . texting can be cumbersome at first with such a large keyboard but you can also swype to text and there is a voice record option i find myself using often that writes what you say . it's huge but not bulky in the pocket . a case might make it bulky but as a regular guy with regular jeans, it's fine . -swappable batteries make battery life irrelevant -there exists a 10,000 mah battery for the note 3 by zerolemon and that's crazy . cons: -it comes in an ugly orange att box . not the cool wood-like cardboard that i wanted .) -camera flash as a flashlight isn't as bright as an s3's light . some of the posted information may become obsolete with future updates, etc  .   if you have any questions about this phone feel free to email me at wslysmsn@yahoo . i love the new technology samsung comes up with! easy to use and great features  .   big display, real stylist, insane specs, wi-fi ac capable, ir blaster, nfc, expandable memory, usb 3 . , capability of qi wireless charging and s-view case  . why? you might seem to be getting the phone at a smaller price but you cant forget about the $100 deposit if your a new customer . thats not even the big problem . the biggest problem is, them sending me supposedly two faulty sim cards with the device, then lying to me and sayin that the store could give me another one but they cant . on top of that my number didnt fully port through, phone didnt activate (cause amazon activation instructions dont work and it showed, my sim wasnt faulty they just dont know how to activate a sim and at&t did thankfully) and to top it all off at&t didnt get the $100 deposit from amazon! so they charging me (again) . did i mention the s-scroll, smart pause, and air gesture dont work on phone? (although i think a handful of people have that problem too, might be a samsung thing) this is what you deal with when you dont get your phone directly from the wireless carrier . couldn't wait to open my new phone! called customer service to confirm all items would be in there to upgrade cell and they were very helpful as well . it was hard to change over . but so glad that i did  . pros: the best screen @1080p, this screen is bright and vibrant . multi window feature is nice! i use it all the time, especially pairs like chrome+maps, youtube+chorme, gmail+snote, etc nice camera (13 mp) with many features . hate touchwiz . it is a horrible ui . the ui wastes pixels, samsung could have used smaller fonts, and better grid to layout 5 icons in 1 row . hate the easytouchwiz home screen, which sometimes shows up when backing out of settings hate the physical buttons .   samsung, earnest request from an ardent android user,   . i strongly recommend buying nexus 5 over samsung note 3   . i was researching for this phone at the right price and i found it here . love the phone and have had no problems  .   i upgraded from the s3 with sprint to the note 3 with at&t . the service with at&t compared to sprint is like night and day . sprint may have unlimited dats, but when you are getting less than 100kbps it's not really that unlimited . i consistently have an lte signal with at&t and get 15mbps or more down, with it rarely going below 5mbps . it's a great upgrade from the s3 . i never have to worry about battery life . the camera takes great photos if you know what you are doing and the stylus gives you some great extra features . the screen is crisp and colors pop . auto mode will actually boost the brightness higher in situations where it needs to than what you can manually . you are better off using google music (or another 3rd party app) instead of the stock samsung player . i have found that, for whatever reason, there is more noise when playing through the samsung app . if you want a decent amount of protection, but don't want a ton of bulk, consider the s-view flip cover and spigen's magnetic clip to keep it closed . it may not look like it gives much protection, but if you look closely at the cover it overlaps the device .00 for a phone that is loaded with 9gb of useless bloatware and commercials . helpful hint (i hope): if you are having random wifi dropouts (as i have, and several other note 3 users) purchase a router that operates on both 2 . my galaxy s4 never had this problem with the old router, nor does my verizon htc one max  .   great phone . easy to use . being able to write on the phone is it best feature  .   as a tech geek, i really enjoy the note 3 . plus, it has a faster processor than the mega . this is a great phone  .   enjoy this phone every day . and after downloading apple i0s 7 which was horrific  .  this phone has great graphics, super ability to hear the other person and oddles of free downloadable apps . now if it will just hold up as long as the sturdy apple 3, 4 which i never would have even switched from, if they ios 7 had not mucked it completely up and made it impossible to read the screen /able to hear persons on the other end .   its got a faster chip which makes everything run smoother . i love the added ir feature that let you control your tv , cable box and surround sound  .   i love my new phone . i've been with samsung for the last three phones and they just keep getting better  .   i have been playing games on the phone and the phone sometimes randomly shuts itself . i would like to get a replacement if this happens more in the future . pros: screen size, screen brightness, stylus, battery life (2+ days if minimal use), amazon's free 50 mb cloud service, form factor (can hold and text in 1 hand comfortably), lots of touchwiz features to explore, photo quality, build quality cons: fits all my pants/shorts pockets but snugly went with a 2yr contract with att and this is the phone to get you through those 2 years and beyond . i've read lots of reviews online from tech 'experts' and the best reasons they have against the phone are: touchwiz bloatware, no optical image stabilization, plastic back . i was afraid that the switch and learning a new program would be difficult but that wasn't the case at all . there are some things that apple does better and vica versa but i am standing with my decision . i was afraid that this might be one of those "too" good to be true thing since the product goes for $179 (+ data plan and taxes) w/a 2yr contract on amazon and nearly twice as much (+ data plan and taxes) at the stores . if this was a "knock-off" then they have done a very good job :) . when i received my box the item inside wasn't held in securely, so the product and things included rattled around . phone: if you are an artist and/or business person then you are going to love the s pen . i love the android software, it's very easy to use and customizable . there are some features that i do miss from apple products but i don't mind discovering new things on android . the phone itself i am very satisfied with . i went to the movies with it in my pockets and i thought that the pressure from my fitted jeans had warped my screen a little . as of right now i am typing from a macbook pro . i upgraded from samsung galaxy 2 . i was considering going back to iphone but thank god i did not . i love the s pen, all the little things you can write and draw with, shortcuts . pictures, videos are crisp clear .huge memory, nice leather back, super light . it is big for my tiny hands but that why we have blue tooth and ear phones to talk on but it's great for surfing, videos  .   just awesome  .   good job samsung . i absolutely love this phone! i think it is a prefect multipurpose device . i know there are other phones that perform these functions but the increased screen size makes it so easier to handle . this phone is a grand slam  . it is one of the most amazing phones i have ever owned . the amount of options and clarity are unreal . the note 3 is pure perfection . the gps on this phone is pure junk . i am amazed that amazon has hiked the price of this phone since i purchased it by over $100 .00! i also started to have freeze ups and it would require removing the battery to fix it . i don't know why but it always seems that with android phones they start off great and quickly degrade in performance and the note 3 is no exception . this makes me sad because i really do love the size . well it's a love/hate i guess . small screen, yes - but it's a trade off for ensured quality . this phones price currently on amazon is not worth it with all the issues  . after two years of struggling against the intentional design limitations of the apple products, i decided we had to consider an alternative . the tablet is great, and we slowly got used to the differences in operating system . it impressed us so much that i bought another one for me and a third for my sister-in-law a week later . it has great battery life . it has great connectivity with our home pc through wifi or usb . it plays excellent hd video to our tv . it does everything the apple products do, but better, faster, cleaner and with less hassle and frustration . i also added a cheap 64g memory card to each phone, and we are swimming in available memory . i have the otterbox defender (black w/holster) . my sister-in-law has a simple plastic shell case with her favorite team on it . the phone is perfectly sized for my wife (who uses it mostly at home) and my sister-in-law (who uses it mostly at work) . i worried that it would be too big to fit on my belt (like the old iphone did - also with an otterbox) . worry not . it is thinner and lighter than the iphone, and otterbox has made the new case more efficiently . i hardly even notice that the phone is bigger on my belt . the galaxy note 3 is the perfect compromise between a larger screen and still keeping it a handset . who needs a computer anymore? ignore the bad reviews about the "cheap plastic" back cover . the back cover is nice looking and perfectly form-fits with the guts behind it . i much prefer it to the old iphone feel . we love the galaxy note 3  . she wanted a bigger phone, and she loves it . i would love it too if i carried a purse, but it's too big to fit into a man's pocket . but that's no fault of the phone . i have not looked back at other smart phones on the market ever since i started using my note 3 . i loved the camera on the 1020, but it just can't make up for the lackluster os . i left iphone for the nokia, and now that i have the note 3, i doubt i'll ever return to apple . the camera, while good in overall performance, does leave a little to be desired in the consistency of sharp focus . but the phone has already frozen up two times, requiring me to hold the button on the right side for several seconds until a restart . no, i did not install any new apps, the phone froze up when i was trying to read email . and then the phone often freezes for a few seconds while doing simple navigation, but then continues .) maybe it's a hardware defect? also, there's so much bloat/crap-wear that's difficult to remove, or can't be removed, and some can't be disabled completely (like my magazine) - and those consume data bandwidth . instead it's only very slightly faster that my previous iphone 4s with ios-7 . i've seen older android phone and they are sooo slow, compared to iphones - i think those who say this phone is fast are just comparing it to older androids . but the screen is a nice size, and without a case and protector it feels cheaply made, unlike iphones which seem more solid . (but i'm sure others have dropped and broken their iphones .) if the phone continues to occasionally freeze up and the phone needs to be replaced i'll update this review  .   switching from the original at&t samsung galaxy note i717 this upgrade was much better than expected . mind you after years of experience with at&t bloatware the first thing i did was root it and freeze all that junk . i mean geez who uses that at&t navi app, or the half a dozen sync tools and services only for at&t/samsung devices whose utility is redundant, inferior, or annoying to what comes in a base android system . i protected it with a spigen neohybrid case, and iloome flex glass screen protector both of which i can recommend without reservation for this phone  .   best phone ever! who's got the best phone in the world? i dooo  . now i am an android fan all the way! and this is the best android phone on the market to the date  . big screen, easy to customize, can even remove the google search bar, woo hoo! battery life wise, it is doing ok, usually it can hold up a day's use . the stylus is amazing, very convenient to take notes with it . camera is fine, but the camera app is inferior compared to iphone  . + more things to make life easier make sure to get protective cover for it  .   super fast shipper wow incredible but this phone is what i want and more you can do whatever you want with this wonder its incredible . power, battery life, beautiful large screen, and stylus .   major gps problems, apparently gps problems - appear to be a hardware problem on some phones . otherwise this is a great phone and worth noting at&t shipped me a replacement and it works great so far(hence raising from 1 star to 4 . also, worth noting, a middle finger raised towards amazon for not supporting text to speech in kindle on amazon and for not supporting video and amazon instant video on android when it is supported on kindle which runs android . this is for a very specific use case - i find it valuable to have text spoken to me as i read technical or other non-fiction books . mostly it is less good at this use case then i wanted . i would recommend android to almost no one . if you choose android give up any pretense of privacy . i now use tor router, a limited keyboard and duckduckgo for much of my day to day work . i believe iphone and windows phone are superior in almost every way . for me solving the myriad problems of it was a way to refocus on a consumer product and technology in general . a consumer should not have to go hunting for a podcast player (pick your favorite standard feature,) nor should they then have to download 4 which each have radically different ui's to pick their favorite . every useful app wants access to everything about me they can find h . bluetooth stereo fails in my car so most of the voice features fail for me - bloody heck, my iphone 4 worked better! and yet, i find it works well for me . best i can tell it is for a series of reasons - *'s next to the ones that are strongest: *a . email while less pretty works well and has a filter by unread mode which i like . nova launcher makes me happy (without this i would have returned it due to touchwiz) *d . being able to swap keyboards is nice *f . for note taking in meetings it is less obtrusive and works very well . the large screen is glorious h .com) and it works well here *i . i loved that i could try 70 gtd todolist apps till i found one that i like j . evernote and last pass work well . multiwindow is awesome **l . google now, though a privacy nightmare, is very cool things that would make it perfect: 1 .   i love the shape of this mobile, the leather look is too cool . its big for my shirt pocket but it comfortably fits my pant pocket and the battery last for 12hrs(nearly 3-4 hrs of songs, 1 hr of browsing and 1 hr of gaming, also sync to my personal and official email and calender)  .   this thing is so fast it puts my laptop to shame . if the screen size bothers you, simply enable "one handed operation" mode (be sure to check every box under the menu so it functions across all apps and screens), do a quick swipe of your finger from right to left and back to right, and the screen shrinks down to a customizable box that can be operated much like a smaller cell phone! it can even recognize when you're looking at the screen or not and shut itself off or pause vids accordingly . 4g lte service is the fastest i've seen on a phone . sucks that data is not unlimited and my monthly plan costs more, though . video is amazingly sharp and it picks up sound very well . i saw posts that image stabilization for video was not included but i'm pretty sure it actually is on this model . there is a tab that says smart stabilization when i recorded vids for the first time and i enabled it and seemed to notice a difference . coming from a first generation galaxy phone to this is truly a worthwhile upgrade . basically, it's like carrying a very capable desktop computer in your pocket . the swype function is better than ever and even more responsive .  watching youtube and netflix and recording sharp video . it's good for business use or fun . it's like i got a great camera, video camera, web browser, phone, computer and gaming machine all in one! i plan to get the smart trade 2 year warranty from amazon to cover this baby . as of now i am protecting it with a bodyguardz screen cover (highly recommended and sold on amazon as well) and an incipio phone case . if you're gonna spend the dough for this thing you may as well get some decent protection and coverage  . it is probably my fault, and i missed that tidbit of info, but i am disappointed . apparently there is a loophole i was not aware of . the faux leather battery cover? it doesn't look that bad when it is on the phone, but when you lift it off to put in the battery, it is unbelievable how flimsy the plastic is . i am also having a lot of trouble getting a good protective case for it . the graphics are stunning! the keyboard is much better equipped than my droid . i appreciate that the numbers are their own separate buttons . it is pretty complicated so far .   for those unfamiliar w/ dope, its a slang term that means ur awesome . anyways this is the sweet spot for phone size . u cant ever go bigger than this, its just not practical and 2 . u cant ever go smaller than this, it just wont be the same enjoyable experience my decision to go to this size was i just though about how many actual instances in 1 day i use my phone and realized it was a ton . it just made since to not go cheap with something that i use so frequently . i have small hands and i adapted very easily . the phone has settings to make it easier to use 1 handed for common things so that you dont have to reach inches away to press a number or something . browsing the web is super fast and the batter life, omg, i can finally have a live wallpaper running all day and not worry about running out of battery before i charge up at night . spen is fun but i wished the button on it acted like a mouse click all the time . thats all for now, i dont regret my purchase and knew i wouldnt, now if otterbox would just finally release there commuter case i will be good to go  .but maybe after i cool off a bit i will revise my review . many may say that i'm being too picky  .  but s*** like this really bothers me .00 for this phone! i should get exactly what i paid for! 10/13/2013 okay i had some time to calm down . sorry for griping about nothing . i have upgraded this phone from 3 stars to a much deserved 5 stars . this phone kicks butt! my favorite features are the big brilliant display and the s pen . i can't find anything wrong with this phone other than the enormous amounts of bloatware . i highly recommend this phone . it's a beast! you will love it . the hardware specs on this phones are so impressive that it will remain relevant for at least the next two years  .   i've had this phone for two days now and there just isn't anything i don't like about it . screen: the screen is a beautiful 5 . the viewing angles are superb and the colors are close to natural (assuming you use the movie mode) . it's actually smaller than what i thought it would be . it is pretty much the same size as the galaxy note 2, but also a little lighter . i can use most of the features with one hand, no problem, but i have pretty large hands (piano hands) . thin bezels just add to the beauty of the phone! look and feel: i very much love the aesthetics of the phone! it's a real eye catcher . i love the textured back , it feels solid and it definitely won't be slipping out of my hand . i prefer the more squarish design of the note 3 more than the round, "natural" design of the note 2 . the volume buttons and home button are rock solid and provide the right amount of physical feedback when using them . camera: the camera has been wonderful so far . i am by no means a photographer but it does the job superbly when i do want to catch that rare photo . the video on this thing is amazing compared to what i have had before . the 1080p 60 fps is so smooth i love it . call quality: everyone has said that i have been coming through loud and clear, no issues . everything is clear on my end, as well . sound/speakers: this phone is capable of high quality sound through headphones but i never use headphones . the loud speaker is somewhat disappointing . it all sounds like it's coming out of a tin can . i don't use the loud speaker all that much though so it isn't a deal breaker by any means . software: i love the s-pen, i find myself using it a lot more than i thought i would . good place to keep recipes, especially since i can tag things then search for them later . i love writing out notes as well and then sending them to people . i hate s-voice . it sucks and pales in comparison to siri or google now . i froze that app asap . 5 hours screen-on time with mostly auto-brightness, but i generally watch an hour worth of videos a day on full brightness . i am very pleased with the battery life . there really isn't anything wrong with this phone  .   i love every aspect of it . it never lags, it handles everything beautifully  .   the only thing i didn't like was s-voice, but i also knew that when buying the phone . you'll love it! actually, there is one thing i don't like . because of the type of display, white colors drain the battery more quickly than darker colors . this is dumb and needs to be fixed . have a good day  .   wow  . the moment i opened the box and till date i am awestruck by the beauty of this phone . i had note 2 prior to this one, if you compare the two there is not much of a difference (from the perspective of light user like me) . they have diversified the use of s-pen, the colors are good, the videos look stunning on full hd screen . i have always been a fan of bigger screen phones and this one does not disappoint me any one bit . i think it is a great choice over other big screen phones and even apple . the ease of use and compatibility with so many devices add a new dimension to this device . i love the way i can share the screen of my phone on my smart tv wirelessly . if you think you can handle bigger devices, this is the one for you, look no further  .   excellent  . perfect delivery! without any details or problem . at the same location, i removed my sim card and placed it into a different phone and it worked much better  . not to happy, it got damaged beyond repair in a short period of time  . phone is working perfect until now, no problems detected  . it kept doing stupid things . would not recommend samsung  . phone cover as been quiet disappointing too much scratches on it but the rest of the phone is not very bad  .  soo disappointing, not worth buying  .   i recommend it, thank you very much . great seller, and good product a+++++++++ . did not work with at&t internet  . i will never buy a phone like this again or from the dealer it came defective and i was given poor service by the sealer . why can't products like this come with a good manual in words with pictures that i can understand? manuel was removed from internet and replaced with newer ones . bought for my wife she loves it and now, three years later wants the s7edge  . i am very satisfied with the product . very good product no problem  .   excellent product, i loved . i recommend both the seller and the product . thank you . pros: great 4 .8" screen good set of features excellent battery life advanced call quality features state-of-the-art everything cons: expensive camera photos tend to be a bit overexposed screen difficult to read in sunlight s voice not as good as siri construction quality not the best . i had issue while os upgrade and this phone crashed failing it to turn on .   the charging cable into the socket was defective, but the rest of contents including the phone was very good  .   grate phone! and came very fast and without a scratch . i dropped it & broke it .   phone small and plug in cover for charging seems frail and doesn't hold on your hands very well, also buttons get pressed too easy . if screen has anything like greasy or damp fingers phone jumps around  .   good phone . much nicer than expected for a used phone  .   wrong item . it was great in its day . i must have posted the wrong review earlier; this seller and the product are as described .   the phone has problem on calling, it got an laud echo voice while you receve or make a call . working perfectly according to the person i gave to as a gift  .   great phone . still very useful tech at a steep discount  . good  .   arrive fast and safe thanks . no surprises, work as expected  . no problem with the purchase, i am satisfied, excellent product for the price . only whth a 1 month the cellphone fail and im change to apple . i love it   . excellent phone . good 'tem . worked great . very good and works perfect . i purchased it on september 2015 and it became rubbish within less than 2 months! it was shutting down automatically every 20 minutes . the product has technical issues which may show up within 2 to 3 months .   the funny thing is that the seller gives you only 30 days warranty from the date of purchase to return the product back . save your dollars and buy something useful  .   be carefull dont buy it will not work properly in usa . now both of us can enjoy these superb products . when i got mine a few years back i had to flush a different version of android because there was a bug that caused the battery to drain real fast . i was pleasantly surprised when my wife's phone had no excessive battery drain out of the box (battery last 2 weeks with light use) . save me some time and headache with the flush . one of the best features of the phone is the camera . that is where samsung included a lot of their proprietary state-of-the-art . the phone does not support lte but it's still plenty fast for our needs  .   i'd would like to know about the warranty , i bougth this item on may 2015 to you but my phone it does not turn on , it's died yesterday . i sold a phone samsung s3 new and rebuilt as many failures to conclude not wanted to change me . do not buy phones offline learned my lesson here! was refurbished or used cause didn't work properly  .   i love this phone to the max . good product . other than poor battery performance, it's great . i bought an anker 7200 mah battery and all/s good now  .   i love the frame . the design is beautiful  .   this was a terrific purchase . one minor issue justified the 4-stars . no real problem though as any concern was mitigated by placing the phone in a protective cover (otter box) that i purchased for the phone . very satisfied, i would highly recommend the seller and phone to anyone of my friends  . i am so happy with it, i refused to trade-in or buy the latest versions  . the battery can hardly support for 5 hours . really bad experience  .   good phone . however, i really don't like samsung because it is too slow . it was fair compared with the price and the phone  .   it works perfectly . nice phone . great condition . love it . good one  . excellent article . terrific unlocked phone at great price  . it' s okay, but sometime it becomes too slow  . excellent  .   i bought this used only to realise they sold a dead phone to me .   excellent cellphone is works perfect in venezuela . no it was not usa compatible as far as the networking and internet . good product it works fine . excellent product, good seller  . the product was delivered in good condition but the video does not record properly with it sounding similar to when wind blows into the speakers throughout and sounds terrible . i am sending it back to get a refund  .   utter waste of time  .   i love it thanks . great phone  .   excellent product and very good seller . it worked perfectly well after been set up with a new sim card  . disappointed  . all good! excellent product  . excellent is expected thanks  . i would like the unlock code  .   battery backup not good & phone is slow  . battery was bad / international phone all in korean! sent it back  .   pretty good phone, but has some bugs - like difficulty in finding a charger that works for it  .   great phone . a real work horse and takes a lot of abuse from our kids  . i'm a happy customer . good phone . the power button does not work well on my galaxy s3 .   my wife like it and still keep it . old model but still good product . the phone is fast and it works as advertised .the screen flickers ie . the screen dims itself then goes back to normal occasionally with the auto-brightness disabled  . all i had to do was buy the appropriate chip and was connected right away .   very good and goed prijs . exceeded expectations, works great . working well i am very happy with it .   great product  .   amazing seller aaa+++ . all perfect  . responsible salesman, recommended 100% . bought this as a gift for my son and he loves it  .   very good product . delivery was fast , the product is excellent  .   i had to pay to unlock the phone, after that it worked well in nicaragua .  it started to slow down . i love it . this phone was sold as new but in fact was badly damaged internally and was poorly reconditioned . when taken to a phone repair specialist it was discovered that the components on the inside that should take the power from the charger and send it to the battery is severely damaged an need to be replaced . i am very disappointed with this shipment  .   nice phone . clicks so good pictures that are really clear  .   got this for work and it was great  .   it's great  .   great buy and great price . works just fine, almost no problems what so ever  . good one for my money . needed a factory unlocked phone and i like samsung over apple . the retailer of those gadgets do not give some important information, this phone has apparently been asked to lock on 2g  .  soo it barely works on the 3g my country works on  .  soo that's a mess  .  the quality of my signal bad  .  tought i can't swith it on the settings on 3g or provider supported network  .   very good phone . works well . very good  .   i like the phone,it looks awesome,perfect design .the only things i dislike is the volume is too low,when u put it in ringtone mode,it don't loud . my friend like it, good condition more than we expect  . it's very good and so nice . very good  . thank you so much . the phone is look good so far . not as described,it is not an international version,i am disappointed  .   had for a year now works great and great condtion unlocked as said . loving it . very good picture quality . wasvery happy with them . this samsung mobile is rejected as duplicate in my home country - india .   the phone dont work is bad  .   works good for me . camera, sound, calls, (skype) works properly for now . for the moment i see no problems regarding this cellphone  .   this s*** fake nothing fit not even my sd card, no body buy this because there is no refunds . i brought this as as gift for my father in laws and he is very happy to receive the phone  . the performance is great with good audio and camera . now it can take great looking photos, quickly .the battery life is also great as he says he only needs to charge once the whole day though he isnt someone who would be on the phone all the time .the phone feels solid and light to hold  .overall he is very impressed with the phone  .   i love it . samsung hardware is crap  .   like it  .   i was dis appointed of this refurbished product where the plug go was bent and rusty . appreciate great condition  .   excellent product quality . i am very disappointed with it . some times it does not turn on just buzzing only .   great so far  . 100% happy with purchase . excellent product, good material . loved this phone until i discovered the camera did not work . amazon was great handling the return . i ordered another galaxy s3 and the camera worked on it . great phone if the camera works  .extremely disappointed with this purchase  . i bought new chargers and it works for first few days and then it doesn't work . those chargers works perfectly fine on my friend's s4 . of course there are other problems like turning it off on its own  . the phone contained all the information from the previous owner and it came damage  . great phone , even though i had issues with the battery that came with it , and had a buy another one . the first two weeks, it worked wonderfully . then it has been nothing but issues since . maybe it's just the phone i got because i've had to pull some tech wizard magic to get it back to working several times . next time i'll just buy it straight from samsung, like i should have in the first place . also it doesn't come with a warranty through samsung, so if it does break much later, especially within the year that you've bought it, you can't send it in to get it repaired  .   i paid about $250 for this phone and i regret it . the phone has nothing but problems, the keys don't work properly, it freezes all the time, now it won't even charge . when i chose to buy it, it was describe as a new phone but when i received it i could tell it was used but i needed the phone so i kept it but what a disapointment this has been  .   service cuts in and out using international version in ohio (had no problems with other phones) and the international version doesnt upgrade to a good os . working great so far  .   great shield is jus nice . phone is fine but the fact that they are shipped with no battery sucks  . even though samsung has reached the s6 model i know the s3 model to be a great deal since i had friends with it . with that being said, i must say that it didn't work out to be a great deal for me . for some reason, there's a delayed response when i press the back button or if i try to navigate from one page to the next . sorely disappointed . i lost my money .   the phone work just fine for 3 days . i am very dissapointed because i was a fan of samsung . that was a bad deal because the screen was broken and it's shaking   .   excellent product . nice phone . it has to be the best  . i ordered this phone basing my choice on costumers reviews no one mentioned the fact that this phone had a major issue the charger tip was loose .i had to return it to the seller and they promised to sen me a new one i don't have any complaint about that they were very responsive but when i got the new one it had the same issue i was so busy that i couldn't think about contacting the seller again and now my phone is dead because i cannot charge it anymore  . this phone is ok if your broke and dont have a choice . i had this phone a few years ago and never had a problem which is why i decided to buy again . my mistake was buying it from this seller, its from japan or something . it came with weird japanese apps and im getting weird virus emails only on this device, they do not show up on any of my others devices or my online email account . excellent seller and product  .   the worst error of my life . i bought a galaxy s3 (i9300) but they send me a galaxy s3 verizon 4g lite (sch-i535) and this model don't work with bands in other countries, the real s3 (i9300) does  .   excellent good product and delivery . wonderful smartphone! everything you need  .   runs well  .   the phone that we received was not unlocked and could not be activated because it had an international stolen alert attached to the serial number .   this cell phone gave me a lot of trouble being new i had to fix the usb port and the button of home . i felt cheated me   . i would rate it with negative stars if they were any  .   the phone i got looked great from the outside and i was so happy to get it until i turned it on  . i am happy with my purchase . great phone  . excellent product . excellent phone . good phone, good service  .   i like it . it's easy to use . is an all fruade this phone i feel cheated in the characteristics speaks perfect but is a chinese i repowering phone or it is not what it seems thieves tried to use the phone and not even lift my 3g according alli said to be unlocked factory   .   i havent had it for more than a month but its speaker has issues yet it has never fallen . i had to pay a technician to unlock it and now the phone behaves in a bizarre way  . excellent seller recommend 100% . factory unlocked apparently means a phone that has already been well used, has some scratches on it and an old battery that depletes itself by 50% overnight in standby mode  .   i dont like it .   exellent cell exact wath i want . unfortunately they sold me as a factory unlocked but when i brought it to my country it didn't work with a different company .   very good cell . nice phone . great product . this is a very good product . love it  .   my oh my! people complain about petty issues and others take the complains at its face value, however, after reading about some of the complains from others, i thought otherwise . i had a problem with the samsung s3 phone that i ought and emailed the sellers about it . i dealt with tim and he was right on the money . indeed, i have never regretted my experience with this seller . if i could rate them more than 5 star, i would have done just that! kudos to tim and his team  . everything offered excellent article in the publication every perfect . this doesn't latch on to a network properly and keeps getting disconnected . it is excellent   . but it was great before that . i assume just bad luck .   really enjoying the phone thus far, took me a little while getting used to the size compared to my last phone, which was a galaxy young and was tiny, but other than that it's a perfect phone  . perfectly new  . the sim card slot was broken after a few days of use . good afternoon, i have the conformity of the product as anywhere i could get the information which is a dual team  .   excelent   .   very nice too . verry bad! they sent me a kindle paperwhite insted of this cellphone!, the worst part is that i am form honduras so i cannot return it  .   great deal and phone . it was a good phone  . great  . everything ok, recommend 100% . the samsung galaxy s3 internationl version is indeed a great phone however since no one here wants to point this out i will do so . if you are going to use it here in the usa all i can tell you is good luck!pc metro and stright talk wont activate your phone becuse the one i got was a euorpean version and there mei is 15 numbers compared to the american version which is 14 . tmobile might be the only one that might or the dreaded boost mobile which i think is the most bootleg company ever . over all this phone its amazing it plays games, makes calls over the internet and is wifi  . good one . it worked well for the first year . it slowly got worse until it was continually locking itself up after just a few minutes . bad quality product! this is a remanufactured phone not a new one, in my case the phone doesn't hold calls randomly it cuts every other call entering or going out sometimes works well qnd sometimes don't, i revised with the phone service provider and it was the phone hardware what was wrong! the rest of the applications work well but what is a phone without its main function  .   this was a gift which is loved by its owner . love it so far so good and hook up to at&t no problem to my account good job  .   love it . thank you so much . excellent product . phone has blocked! and it is not new! it is a fraud  . all good excellent product . good phone . works nice in venezuela . am very upset and dissatisfied, as the article that you buy is not what i expected, the phone has a totally corrupted system does not work does not start will not start, i feel cheated, and you spend what i consider a large sum in dollars in this article, to serve and not lose as much money as the phone, i thank my complaint is taken and somehow i be returned the money or an item that does work, i hope prompt response   .  i'm from venezuela and acquire this article is almost impossible that it trusts you make the purchase by this means, i demand response and solution   .   this is a great phone i have had the galaxy ever sence they came out with the first one   .  to bad i had to send this one back there was something wrong with the antanna .   the phone in perfect condition, the charger damaged . i bought it believing it will work internationally . of course i am extrememly furious i threw $200 to the trash as i dont need it in the us and it is passed return period . had a lot of problems it was sent back . good  . this problem of signal is very common on them when you upgrade the software . the strange thing was that the cellphone was "new" and nobody did a sw upgrade . so i went and open the cellphone and for my surprise, very awful surprise, it had no antena . so you sold me a refurbished phone as a new one with just not one but two bad pieces and one of them missing . great job guys . i would like to have my money back  . it's an excellent product  .   i received the phone properly packaged and the phone appears to be ok . by the time i was ready to transfer my sim card and to download apps i want it had shutdown  . this is terrible  .   everything is nice, just i set the default notification in silence, but still alarming when there is a new mail  .   excellent product   . love it   .  pleased with the purchased, fully recommend . great dealer, its a brand new phone with dual sim, i am satisfied . does not work in costa rica . its not new, there is dirt in the cracks under the back of this phone . plus the home screen button didn't even work every time, maybe after pushing it 10 times you might get to your main screen . great phone just missing some things . like a calculator and s voice . but works great . good  .   great phone except for the fact that they sent it from the factory with a charger cord that doesn't work  .   i'm highly dissatisfied with that  . good phone . i like my new phone  .   very easy to use and also a very sharp looking phone to boot  .   thank you very much   .   all came to me in perfect condition   .   a big hug from here from venezuela . all good  .   phone was in great condition but since it was verizon it won't let you use your data if you have sim card that's h2o or att . the phone is excellent and work perfectly in argentina  .   i love the phone and everything about it  .   i spent like three hundred on this phone and can't even use it because it says its verizon but its not and can't find a sim card anywhere for it i want my money back . wonderful  . unfortunately the phone was never used . delivery time was great though  .   excellent product 100% recommend five star well deserved   .   great product all ok . good so far  .   and nice camera  . still is works fine . genuine product  . great purchase . great phone . horrible  . it started off as a good phone but the battery started to last only up to 30% then to 50% and now it can't even stay on for more than 10 minutes without shutting off . don't be fooled  . purchase was excellent and rapid recommend . good night my product is not a s3 i9300 and not grab me with any telephone line signal, as i do? help . excelent  . i really should of done my research; i have had nothing but problems with this phone: -bad battery, had to buy a replacement -gps does not work -bluetooth is horrificly bad -audio skips constantly, this is an issue with android 4 . -handset volume is too low to understand anyone, this is an issue with android 4 . -despite being a far more powerful phone, it is far less stable and more sluggish than the old lg optimus: a single-core, 500mhz no gpu phone running android 2 . -international version is not compatible with kies 2 . -flimsy back cover has become cracked because of how many battery hard resets i've had to do . i should of sent it back to samsung (but then i wouldn't have a phone) but i tried to fix the issues myself, which bricked the phone, so i can't send it in . samsung has pretty much become the iphone of android . i'm going after the lg g2 mini, hopefully i have more luck with that phone  .   not much difference but for example it doesn't support screen shearing (option is simply missing from the settings) so it's missing features from the standard s3 model that they should have sent according to the description . excellent product thank you . excellent product thank you . i love my phone . phone is nice but definitely not unlocked . an its really been a pain trying to unlock  . loved the first one so bought one for myself  . good product . they are dedicated to defraud and steal money selling damaged goods , just 3 weeks of using the phone and stopped working  . the only thing i didn't like was there wasn't any type of warranty on this product . it works well  .   worked great in chile  . excelent ty . the phone is damaged battery heats and nothing lasts, i sold a phone i repowered and i was buying a new phone i cheated . delivered was fast and good product  .   $200 for a phone i can not make or receive phone calls on ! the only thing the phone is very good for is texting that is it   .   thank you it's good . i'm old and it was just too complicated for me so i gave it to my son and he really enjoys it . i've seen some of the pictures he has taken with it and they are fabulous  . bad no good  . they scam me .  very poor quality of product and service  . came as described ! good product, good seller   . great phone! bought it for my mom she loves it . this samsung s3 is really a great buy . must say it's a good phone . just the charging port is a little loose  .but suddenly it fell from my hand on the restroom .   the phone does not work since i got it , get it fixed and was told it was rebuilt and has damaged the motherboard . it is a scam , i want to get an answer  . it;s a nice brand new device, unfortunately it had a problem with the main touch key, but other than that it's good . good product and excellent quality . it's really good phone   . yours sincerely, this is to inform the phone to buy them can not connect to any network in venezuela ,, thank you solve the inconvenience . i feel much disappointment  . excelent  .   great phone,i have one for myself . excellent item . i love it . excellent item . i love it . good quality . excellent product, great offer . this cell phone looked brand new, but it is the work quality ever  . initially ordered the i9300 as indicated above but got the i9300i which is the dual sim model but works just fine  .   the purpose of this letter is to inform you that the phone bought you do not register in any of the carriers operating in venezuela therefore i request the change of the team, clearly in is specified purchase was released to use it normally, without but i received the phone can not be applied to any network , exigo resolve this incomveniente  . i hope prompt response  . love this phone  .   excellent  .   cell came in good shape but it wont runs good as other . so i prefer not to waste your money on it thanks  . excellent product, good seller  .   i would like you to send to me via email , invoice which display the imei of mobile equipment . if you did, i would recommend to the five star   . i love it i ordered two phone both brand new and unlock thanks best service i want to buy more for the future . this phone sucks the internet is slow it doesn't even has a 3g!please dont't buy it . i would not recommend this phone to anyone who is looking to purchase a phone which carries one sim card  . after 2 days using it the sound speakers failed and would not ring . besides that erything else works fine  .   feeling satisfied with the performance thus far  . unfortunately did not work for her, i don't understand why not  .   i wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this phone  . after severeal weeks of receiving it , it would randomly just restart continuously until i took the battery out  . also another fault with this phone is that it is very fragile, the screen will crack in no time  . and it flickers in and out then freezes when it hits about 40%  . great dual sim phone not the s3 i9000 but similar  .   great phone with two sim cards . i'm writing one now because this phone is still going strong years later . the screen is still without a scratch or mark on it - and i've dropped it several times but it keeps on working . i'm so impressed by its durability and functionality . i've also bought the s4 and s5 - all great products also - but this s3 is so great due to how long it has lasted and i really put it through the ringer with heavy usage  .  and it has never failed me  .   he came with the damaged plate . the defects present telefeno therefore could not use it . i lost a significant amount of money  . love it  . great phone . good item .   is not actually the international version (despite stickers claiming otherwise on the battery compartment, as well as the device screen)  .   very good  .   excellent product . he like it  . well, i received my phone in the mail and you could just imagine my excitement and joy while ripping that box apart . my joy was however truncated when i discoverd the camera was not working  . loving it . this not original phone, bad purshase . great product . i received the computer without the headphones and defects on drums (this curved and very fast download ) . a problem with the battery and charger adapter and back cover . at 1st day the battery charged 100% after that it goes up to 80% and it stays the same and when i remove the charger it goes to different percentages like 60% or 76% . started having problems only after a couple of months . waste of money  . it is a stolen unit so it can't be activated .   my brother in cuba is so happy and work's perfect . thx, i had some problems to activating product, but it was good  .   i received it after a week, i thought it uses nano sim card but its not i have to get an adapter to put my sim :( overall the phone is fine and new i hope it will stay like this;) . excellent  .   good buy . it's not the original samsung galaxy s3 it's fake made by china  .   fast delivery and great price  .   is amazing  .   excelent product  .   i receive a wrong item . i finally have a phone that works better than my old laptop . i love the super sensitive gps for my running  .   excelent 100% + + + + + . i bought the phone for my daughter so i'm not using it personally , but she loves it   .   we got it on time an were happy with it . was not the correct one, neo version instead, thank god they had a return window! bought one from ebay and it was the correct version  .   received in good condition, works well  . not with samsung i own many samsung products and i'm very happy with them . i'm furious with the seller , that person who advertise and sales difected products . i like android  . all good  . no problem  . this doesn't work properly . works great  .   the product is received in good condition , would recommend . cell love , excellent technology . it's a great phone but the battery life sucks and it could not be registered with metropcs . the shipping was also great  .   great phone . after one year and a half starts freezing  .   the phone was a fake chinese device . but the seller, absolutely disappointing  .   i brought two of these founds about 6 months ago now,they used to charge well and now both phones aren't charging correctly or only charge to mine 83 percent . i received it at the righr time, it a very good phone .  thank you soo much  . awesome phone, just what i needed . becareful this company its selling defective products after 30 days this cell phone stopped working and not warranty . great phone . very good product congratulations . very good product congratulations . excellent product . we love the samsung galaxy line of phones . the s3 is not quite as powerful as the s5, but it's slightly smaller which means it fits into pockets easier . perfect for the active teen or busy young adult . be sure to install the free apps advanced task killer and clean maater  .   great phone, easy access to all the applications, works perfectly in venezuela, we recommend . very good product . it seems new but i have my dubts, sometimes it tunrns it self off or it get's like frozen  . just say ordered he loved it . good product . great phone . great phone . excellent   .   words cannot describe how nice this phone is . it came well packaged, brand new, with dual sim slot, the battery was half way charged, and the set up was a breeze . it's much faster to boot up, to download apps, and access the internet than my previous smartphone . it's full of features such as the gps which works with military precision, and a slew of other widgets and stuff that can actually enhance your smartphone experience if not your life . would i recommend this phone to a friend? yes, without hesitation . i read some poor reviews on this site about this product, honestly, i don't know what these folks are talking about because my experience with this phone so far has been great . recommended seller excellent product . ripoff artist  .   wish i could give the phone and the seller negative stars  . excellent product . i used this celpphone only 45 days and suddenly it don't work anymore . in my opinion the seller is fraud  .   i purchased this phone to replace my current samsung galaxy s3 that is draining batteries in under 25 minutes . the item arrived promptly with no damage to the box however when i removed the phone from the packaging and put the battery in it, it turned on but the screen remained black and you could still hear the touch sounds when trying to use the phone . after multiple power cycles, battery replacements and such i managed to get the phone to have a picture however the whole screen would flicker and had lopsided split screen effect . unusable in this condition i am returning the product for a refund  . works great  . 100% reliable and recommended . excellent   . good phone . great condition and fast shipping . the galaxy s3 fits our needs well  .   i actually ordered the samsung galaxy s3 but i got the samsung galaxy s3 neo, beside that the phone is doing great and i have no problem with it so its a its a good purchase  . served me well for the last two (2) years without any problem . although i upgraded i still use the s3  . i have purchased a different battery for it just to make sure that it's not the battery, and it's not- this is a ripoff and this phone is a piece of trash . it work fast where is 4g network available .you can switch sim cards in other countries without paying expensive international fees and it is a samsung  . excellent product , i recommend it   .   looks good and works good . fast delivery  . i absolutely love it . got here very fast and is easy to use  .   great phone but only had it maybe 6 months and it is having some problems, i guess i will have to check with amazon to see what they will do about it . just the right one for me . i bought 2 of these phones, the first one the battery was faulty  . so i sent it back and bought another blu play2 since i have had nothing but good results with a new, and cheaper phone  . excellent pice by samsung . so far everything works great has 7 days of use if any irregularity arises is the informare in venezuela with digitel lift h + relatively fast . s3 galaxy neo duos which i don't like and is not according to the description  . love this phone  .   all i needed was an upgrade from a simple activate by samsung and this was just what i needed to be simple enough yet giving more features  .   i qualify negative because i emviaste cell that was not   .   excellent phone i am very satisfied adore! thanks friends highly recommend them 100% . l am happy about the product . loved it . to replace it, it would cost me like buying a new phone! so just went an bought the s5 :-) the only shame is that i lost all of my photos  . great phone and received what was promised . how ever very very slow to ship and arrive  . good '' . nice item . excellent product and very good seller . excellent product recommend . excellent phone great deal on amazon, don’t even waste your internet searching this phone on other website  .   the phone is poor sell damaged not be fooled . battery not charging after 50% of alli fails and bad sotware and is the samsung sgh i747 will not buy this scammer  . very annoying 'm from venezuela  . i get a rebuilt damaged phone and worse . i felt cheated after buying so many months without being able to use, revise it authorized technical service in venezuela tell me that the internal model of the card does not match even the housing   .   would not recommend this seller, buy this phone and sent me one for less value, do not change the phone, not returned the money do not recommend this is repeated with other customers . very good product as described by the seller . excellent i recommended . piece of junk straight out of the box  . great job thanks . this is the worst phone ever its extremely slow doesn't respond and its 3g not 4g . it's the fake knock off vietnam version of the samsung galaxy s3 .   good  .   very excelent product, thank you  .   excellent seller, i recommended 100% . i liked that one because it had 4 . plus there have been updates put out by att (my company) and this phone doesn't detect the updates of the os '''' my other complaint is the battery life . and then if i don't get to the charger quick enough the phone flips out! completely freezes which requires me to pull the battery, which is another pain since i have an otter box . so not only is it not great to be pulling the battery but each time i take the otter box off it feels like i am going to break the phone! the cameral also flips out when the battery is low . battery said half full so i was very frustrated when the picture came up with lines in it and color distortion . thought it was the settings on the camera so i changed those and then the half of batter went down to a quarter and it froze! didn't even beep a warning this time . between the battery life freezing the phone and the lack of compatibility due to it being an international version it really has been a big disappointment  . the touch functionality wont work right after the phone is opened from its box  .   cellphone is ok but its battery is weak and under performing besides full charge 6hrs or so for many days  .   excellent product thank you . all good thanks . gave as a gift,person loves it . it arrived in perfect conditions . it works with almost all carriers (in the us and south america) couldn't be happier  . having still problems with the earpiece still not working . excellent cellphone  . really good thanks  .   the product is good, the bad was to cancel $ 244 for samsung galaxy i9300 and i sent an i9300i samsung' galaxi and what is priced at $ 192 . excellent phone works like a charm me thanks   . thank you  .   arrived in good condition, thank you  .   good afternoon i bought this computer and i do not raise my country i feel cheated internet . excellent i recommend good quality . this phone per month to be purchased is damage, the touch will not work well after a month of use , i do not live in america so i could not make the relevant claim, a friend told me i could do it by this way by so now i wonder if i'll be on vacation in miami so they can review it finally worked anymore , i trailed off and not lit more  . i welcome your comments .   the best smartphone thah i ever have  .  amazon, a good choice to buy it  . the seller did not help me to solve these issues  . give charging probs already and receives data slow i need a new one  . excellent  . excellent product . fine 100% . fantastic cellphone . perfect condition . works perfectly  . i do get hspa however, which is almost as fast from a practical standpoint (i know not theoretically) . biggest problem is there is no mobile hotspot app and i'm not sure if it supports that . oh well, it's fine really i suppose, but i wish i had known to do some homework first  .   good price . excellent product, very happy  . too good  . i only have an e at the title tool bar instead of 4g, and that make my internet service very slow  . very disappointing  .   i love this cell phone - have been using it for nearly a year now; it was a gift from my son and i am so pleased with it  .   my brother is sooo happy with this . i bought this phone in a rush for someone because i was travelling to another country and i was unable to return it .   thank you . good phone but dont come unlocked, i have to pay for unlocked donw here and some times works kinda slow, is not the best phone i ever had  .   all good excellent tlf   . my best friend   .   the phone i came damaged, the battery does not work and does not want to send sms . after 3 yrs with an s2, i upgraded, and i really like this phone, but i am not crazy about all the bloat ware they put on phones now . great phone  .   the cell arrived in perfect condition and with all inclusive . just that it's dual sim, i came as a surprise because i did not know but it's not bad news . i love this phone . well with screen protector included, that glad day . brought details not wise but not bad  .i returned it,never bother to buy this phone . excellent product . the phones legit it's an internationl phone and the one i received wasnt the same as described but it ended up being better dual sim card unlocked phone i used att and straight talk on it and i really love it got a nice feel and sleek look loud speaker good batery life very compatible with other products like my home security to this post deff recommend to a friend . thanks for your attention and the product is described on page very good experience . my son likes it no problem yet  .   very good  .   i'ts everything all right, thank you  .   battery drains quickly .   great phone- the right size, not too big but enough screen area to read article easily . fast start up and shut down, adequate internal storage and the voice commands are an added perk .   not working properly in india, while talking, its getting cut-off frequently  . excellent product . very good product . works great in venezuela  . who would have thought that buying a cellphone online could be so hassle free, convenient and so easy these days? i was one of those people who always have doubts when buying stuff online, cant be bothered with the hassle of returning it back, going through this and that if something dont work . i have always been the buy, make it work right away and im out the door . so i decided to try buying this online, which so far have pretty good reviews  .  and trust me im the type who goes through each and every reviews just to be sure . not that anything was wrong with our phones, the price was great, so why not . flawless, no problems so far  . how convenient is that? if you are one of those people who is always wary and cant be bothered type of person like me and ure looking for a phone  . and i do all my work on my phone, my spreadsheets, my music player, my work emails, basically everything .   who would have thought that buying a cellphone online could be so hassle free, convenient and so easy these days? i was one of those people who always have doubts when buying stuff online, cant be bothered with the hassle of returning it back, going through this and that if something dont work . i have always been the buy, make it work right away and im out the door . so i decided to try buying this online, which so far have pretty good reviews  .  and trust me im the type who goes through each and every reviews just to be sure . not that anything was wrong with our phones, the price was great, so why not . flawless, no problems so far  . how convenient is that? if you are one of those people who is always wary and cant be bothered type of person like me and ure looking for a phone  . and i do all my work on my phone, my spreadsheets, my music player, my work emails, basically everything .   it's amazing how flawed that turned this team   .   very good product .   smart phone the first day of use is the lyrics were taking off the back cover and the days of downloading the load pin broke off will lead to repair tube does not meet the quality standards that should provide for a smart phone in dealing samsung . i like it! the best quality, i'm really satisfied with this product . in very good condition . great phone and price . no problems  . not good, not bad  . for the past few months the phone hangs all the time (i have to reboot it when this happens) and the charging port is faulty so i'm forced to put the phone at a certain angle to charge it . in comparison, an iphone 4s that we bought in october 2012 (one year before we bought the samsung) is still going strong with no mechanical or software defects whatsoever, . all well and on time . excellent cellphone everything was ok, the samsung galaxy is 100% working  .   very good product, it manages two sims perfectly .   perfect nice doing business with u . this phone was a gift for someone she love the phone  . excellent! i'm satisfied  .   very good phone to have, very user friendly its really a smart phone . excelent product . the phone was broken beyond repair l returned it, and forwarded you the post office tracking # as per your returning policy . very disappointed with the fact that it does not charge! it's a brand new phone, and the battery doesn't hold more than 1 hour . sincerely i will never buy from this supplier, or from amazon for this matter  .   may god have mercy on thes' crooks  . great phone ❤❤ .   excellent product . i love it  .   very good quality product recommend . excellent team arrived in their stipulated time  .   excellent team arrived in their stipulated time  .   the phone went bad , you will not recognize the ime does not recognize the sim card and i wonder if the seller can contact to my email to see if you can return   . love this phone as it has more than ample apps and features . however, battery power could be improved  . i really like this phone, sure it's outdated, but it doesn't really slow down like most cheap phones . the best of the best from 2012ish is still good in 2015, unless you're willing to pay the price for a new one  .   very good phone  .   very nice, thank you  . i have no idea if i was sent an incorrect product or what happened - but clearly product failure within 2 months is not acceptable or expected  .   it wasn't for me it got here safely thou the case i got was cheap looking . an impressive phone . i bought a samsung galaxy s3, as described in the product's title, but when the product arrived, i realize this isn't the product i purchased, they send me the samsuns s3 neo, but that's the only problem, the cellphone works well  . unfortunately the phone is anounced as i9300 model, but i did not get that model; i got a i535 by verizon that is partially block and i can only make phone calls, wasting the real purpose of this phone . i purchased the galaxy s3 i9300 and there was an issue with the phone . they didn't work because the menu option was not on the phone at all . when i tried to get support i found out that this phone was not made in usa but in hong kong and that is where i go for support . i have tried around the clock however, there is not chat available or phone number or even an email address . but the version i got was t-mobile branded and full of bloatware, and that's not mentioned in the description! after rooting i got rid of about 30 pre-installed apps which helped speeding up the software a lot  . good  . excelent :d . wouldve gotten a far better rating had i not have to change the charging port twice because the charger i got with the phone was a knock off and the microphone is a bomber  .   i love this product . i bought it as a gift for my lovely wife in africa, its excellent  .   love the phine but hate the batteries .   very good   . everything was received in perfect condition, ok . much to his dismay the phone does not charge  . i tried the battery in another phone and it charged fine but will not charge in his brand new s3 . can you imagine my sons disappointment on christmas! this absolutely ruined his day .   i am so disappointed with samsung this phone  .   horrible seller  . perfect pick .i would recommend to anyone looking forward to buy a samsung galaxy  . my wife loves this cell, she is very happy and me too  . i had an s 3 before but i could never use it overseas i love this phone it is also duo sim card .   i didn't get the product! please do not buy or you will lose your money  .   responsibly recommend . very happy with the great and beautiful product, arrival time and very satifecho thanks for your attention .   great phone . nice photos, good phone  .   the phone is also having network problems  . loved this product! it was delivered on time, works well and attended our expectations  .   not a very good product . i sold the samsung s3 bad here in venezuela not work for me   . excellent conditions delivered as expected . 100% recommended  .   works great . goodnight , cell to the first day of using it not to run for the bands the signal is going , damaged wine . very good  . otherwise arrived very quickly and looks to be in excellent shape  . nice phone my rating 4 was i did not recieve the phone until ten days after was expected . i am extremely disappointed with this order .   i have had this s3 for soooooo many years now and it is like brand new . very nice phone  . i don't understand why the people do things like this one . irresponsibly by the person who sell me the phone  . good condition . good and durable  . this sucks, they promote a new cellphone and i received an used one, no battery included and now after 6 months struggling with this piece of plastic whenever i try make a phone call or send a text message it says not registered on network as if the cellphone was imei blocked or reported, i demand to get a refund asap and an explanation for the inconvenient that this has caused to me, i thought this was a serious company  .   thank you . phone was a gift and it was delivered late then after a week the charger stop working and i only got a refund of $10  .   apart from that the phone is great  . good item . good shop . great product . as it is written! excellent   .   just what my son needed in europe - looks perfect & works fine - quick contact and delivery . great service . works great . fast and efficient service  .   fine so cool . excellent phone . crystal clear communications with family mobile  .   excellent very fast 100% recommend . like and recommend 100% believe that was a good business . excellent sale, thanks  . problems do not charge the battery, equipment was for a gift and now works fine  . waste of my time and money  .   was a little difficult to change language from chinese also notice dont pick 4g speed . i love this phone . i put the phone into a protective case, and use a zerolemon battery, and it is as good as new  .   very good  . does not work with the band 3g 900 . i am so happy about the item . thank u .   i honestly didn't like this phone, it never held a charge, it went soooo slow  .  i just did not enjoy this purchase  .  gracias the product was bad, the phone has poor signal reception i tried with two telephone operators and was the same result   . nice product, doesn't come with play store homescreen . still keeps up with the modern phones no problems, i see no reason to upgrade unless it dies . it is a sad experience since i was not able to preaent it to the person i want to give to  .   the best smartphone  .   i bought this phone a year ago, and after 1 month of use the s3 screen turned green and the icons pixelated that's why im submiting a 3 star review since the phone works nice but the problem's still there  . good as expected . i love samsung phones . works ok  . love it . this was amazing since the release i've got this for my dad, . very good phone thank you . good product, recommended   .   delivery exactly on time, i am fully satisfied  . when i got this phone it was block? this is a verizon phone i could not go with my old provider had to spend more money to jail break the phone . i don't think i would go through this problem again getting a phone off line when the seller told me it was unblock quick money i guess will tell you what you want to hear . after all that the phone been working good  . looks very elegant  . very disappointed the volume does not work properly have to use the speaker to hear calls and sometimes that does not work right either . good product, i liked . after using phone for two months it tried to update firmware by itself and messed up wifi and blue tooth . now it does not work on wifi, i took it back to get it fixed and was told that hardware is not good  .   item was totally defective, gave heat warning error when plugged in first time . also back cover was slightly misaligned - would have dealt with that if i could charge the phone at all . i think this was a manufacturer defect that they are re-selling . asking for my money back and wouldn't recommend anyone buying this phone from this manufacturer  . good phone  . excelent it works in venezuela . excellente, i love it . buy an "international version unlocked " and what i got was an american model does not work well in latin america . very good product . great seller and great product  . for most purposes, this doesn't matter--it is still an unlocked galaxy s3 that works on any network--but it does mean that one cannot install replicant, which only supports the i9300 .   pretty good . like it . it just what i was i was looking for thank you . worked two years flawlessly  . its was broken at bottom of the mobile . i can't give a five stars because i didn't receive a good thing  .   it's almost like your local samsung s3, except mine took 4 to 8 seconds to turn on the screen, i don't mean to start up but just to check the time when it's onn . for almost the same price, the samsung note 2 works flawlessly and has amazing resolution . no regrets at all . a lot of great features and a lot of reading to learn them . love the size of the phone . i'm having trouble with my phone calls going right to voice mail . was lost in the move from miami to venezuela  . i have one problem with the microphone . dont buy this ripped me off and won't work at all .   a very good smartphone, but it stopped working suddenly, probably because of overheating  .   phone works great thank you  . gran pantalla de 4,8", super amoled, 16gb interno con ranura para microsd, desbloqueado, agarra 3g con todas las operadoras en venezuela, movistar, movilnet y digitel, lo recomiendo 100% . excellent seller  . its performing like what i expected . the inconvenience i found so far, is that the only user's manual i have been able to find in internet, after looking everywhere for it, is of 2012, when the phone was launched, and it is of no help at all, because all menus have changed, and the users manual of 1012 is of no use at all  . i love the phone . im sorry but i used this phone for two weeks and this didn't work anymore and the sreen doesn't turn, i have to get it back to you and get a new one . excellent product . grear mobile fast shiping good deal .   a improved version of already good g3 more ram and double chip . since i leave outside the us it will be difficult for me to replace it . very disappointed  . thank you . it is a very good version, works perfectly in venezuela .   perfect mint in a box thank you  . fast shipping excellent product i expected . excellent  . the voltage the chargers produce are not strong enough and this results in the phones taking as long the entire night to be charged i was wondering if there is some compensation whatsoever for such misfortune  . its good but the front camera has a bad quality and the descriptions did not say duos . great product and seller . works great . excellent phone . this phone has given my cousin so many issues, difficulty hearing another person and challenges with the wifi connection dropping repeatedly . very bad buy, would not buy another  .   no problems with the phone, seller aims to please  .   i bought this for my girlfriend, she has lived in different countries doing her work and never had any trouble with this phone . it's great quality and works perfectly  .   this mobile computer is truly a sansumg siii neo duo, quite beautiful but should be more specific when selling the product! i'm from venezuela  . great for what i needed . perfect   . excellent serious and vendors responsible . i read about it and i've seeen that it's a common problem with this cellphone :( don't use a kingston memory with it . well all excellent , would recommend . imai cell is recorded in movistar venezuela on behalf of another person , i was like i have a stolen phone . good phone  . hi good morning, i am writing because the phone i get me is chinese origin and is dual sim, this is not the product i buy and i need to know how we can do forwarding the phone to send me a new one (original) or replacement of money . not happy @ all a couple discrepancies; home button wooble, undeleable fingerprints in the charger, cradle doesn't match with charger, start guide in spanish only? weird  . great phone , great camera  . great  .   excelent cel . after buying a cheaper chinese clone, this galaxy s3 was godsend . excellent in all forms  .   this phone crashed after 6 months  .   love it  .   i bought it from best price mobile and it looks different from the one my friends has, the one i bought didn't worked properly and i should return it because reset itself several times, it don't connect to the wireless internet from my home for the few minutes it worked, and the alarm don't allow to change the songs . i don't recommend it  .   loved it  .   while the phone works ok in europe and the us, which is what i need, this is not 4g . here in san francisco, when my friends are on 4g, i am stuck in either 2g (e) or 3g . not even for a second this is simply appalling to me . now i am stuck with it and feel tremendously ripped off . somebody's lying  . i like it a lot . nice,thanks great phone  . overall it is a great phone . i am satisfied, very good service . didn't work with my verizon contract . excellent product  .   fine is good . great, so good  . bad product, it stopped working a month of operation  . great phone better than the s4  . bought it for my daughter , the only problem is that the phone plug burned out quickly  . good veri good . before i leave a negative feedback, i'm going to let you know what happened . foil protective shield behind lcd was missing, which caused the phone to overheat from day 1 . adhesive between the lcd and the phone was not applied properly and only around the edges of the phone . sd card terminal was never soldered to the phone and it is loose inside the phone . motion sensor not attached properly, it is lose  .   phone came unlocked as stated; works with us and international carriers . seems pretty sturdy as it has been dropped a number of times and is still working fine  . good price, good product . given delivery with improper accessories . confused by what it would be . honestly it's a reasonable smart phone . it responds fast and screen is sharp . downloaded my favorite apps from google and they work on the phone so i have zero complaint  . excellent recommending . great smart phone . i liked the one i bought for my wife so much, i got myself one as well : ) this phone is well worth the $280 i paid . only problem i had was the first one i bought the setup was in spanish . 2nd one i bought was in english so i am a happy camper . (remember these are international version, they come in different languages) overall great phone for the $ spent .   this product has not specified which broken glass in the description  . hello, this came to me as i expected perfect recommend this item and this shop . hello, this came to me as i expected perfect recommend this item and this shop . its a cheap counterfeit . my wife bought this phone less than a year ago and it is already having problems with the power button sticking and the phone turning off and on constantly . this article is reconstructed lost the phone and money . defective  .   excellent product, arrived in good condition, meets all requirements widely recommended . excelent phones but the boxes came damage, missing accesories and scratch in display  .   :-( my only deception whit amazon . both phones partial damage  . - wifi is not working well, only works in reutter short range .-the mother board look's like doesn’t belong to s3 . i’m really disappointed regarding my brand new telephone, don’t know if you can help me or recommend me some solution . very pleased with the product . recommend this product . excellent cellphone . the first cell phone that he sent me didn't work the 3g and i found it was refulbish and i buy a new one  . then he sent a fake s3 really it is a sgh-t999 and still not working it constantly restarts  .   very good  .   good product, fulfilled my expectations, thank the seller for me to get my time item . thank you . good phone . battery problems   .   this is actually an upgraded model . i bought it for one of my brothers because he lost the same phone on a robbery . fatal! i sold the phone as new and is being repowered! pin load is totally destroyed! i had to buy an external charger to have some drums! if not because i'm in venezuela would come up to restore this fiasco alla cell! not recommended demand a refund  .   this phone has been working great for me . overall it was a good purchase  .   great phone and working very well . very nice from the get go .   excellent all around . love the phone, great price, fast shipping  .   i noticed a big improvement in every aspect from my s2 .   hope nothing strange comes up  . poor quality phone . nice :d . i love it . i got this for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it   .   i am good with working a phone and all of its features and so is she andshe really loves this phone  .   best phone for the money  .   excelent   .   a nice phone for it's price .   i love my celphone  . great deal  .   nice product . the only problem i've found is the charger, it's useless . would not work properly, not even after troubleshooting with phone carrier  . worked great   . love it . it works perfectly in venezuela with movistar and digitel . works great . works good, battery was not 100 had to replace it within a month . the cellphone its good, but the battery dont sien fine thanks . love it . i am glad with it  .   amazing  .   excellent quality . it's a great phone but the only issue is the battery  .   espectacular sin palabras  . excellent phone & deal  .   having battery problem with my new s3 despite have 3 new battery . this is not good and not suppose to be sold here on amazon . 100% recommended  .   super quality product  .   i love samsung  . excelent thanks . and has a slot for two sim cards but that does not bother me anyway . excellent phone . this phone was for my wife and works great . great price and delivered as promised . my wife is very happy with her galaxy s lll  . i love it  .it great  .   the service is really good, i had almost intented to return it for some technical problems but they instruct me very patiently that it changed my mind . they have great attitude towards customers, anyway . best wishes to this company . thank you . it is extraordinary and i love it . also the packaging was very good and arrived exactly on time . i'm still have this phone and it has been working perfectly  .   i'm so glad for that  .   good  . excellent choice, really good product . recommended seller . great purchase . every thing works fine . great purchase . i have been cheated  . i purchased the i 9300 due my phone company works 3g in 900 mhz band and this phone doesn`t work on this band . i can truly say it's been a great deal . the order arrived well within the estimated time . the box was closed and properly sealed . i was pleased to find that the device had no scratches and didn't show any sign of having ever been used . the device works perfectly . so far it hasn't blacked out, flashed, flickered or unexpectedly turned off . i've had it for about 15 days and no trouble so far . i have successfully activated it here in colombia . i haven't seen any adverse effects of this so far . you have to tap and drag the green button towards the red button to the right in order to answer a call . i lost lots of calls and was close to return the phone before i learned this . i recommend this product and the seller tj global . i'll edit this review if i have a problem with it in the future . lo he tenido por cerca de 15 d'as sin problemas hasta el momento . shame  . since i wanted to use it on t-mobile a few functions like the mobile hotspot were unavailable . a good phone, though  . great camera, fast acces to internet . nice item . i reccomend buy s3 y don't waste your money in s5  . excelent phone . poor batter life . it was having problems with the signal . great  . he absolutely loves it . great buy . excellent value for money  .4ghz quad-core exynos samsung vulgar and i came a dual core version also says 3g network hsdpa 850/900/1900/2100 publication and here in venezuela 3g with no lift none of the operators only 3 2g (edge) noooo recomiendooo should take the letter in the matter to stop cheating, this is scam lords  .   good one  .   i love samsung . excellent purchase . either the charger or the battery or both is not good   .   i need you to give me a solution to my problem, buy this phone and is damaged, does not work, have the damaged card and charging unit . since i buy bad wine  .   super excelente . everything in perfect order; . i really love it . good product . it was a good shop . nice product that my wife will enjoy  . so now i'm having issues charging my phone  .   i love my phone and the price was more then right! thank you amazon♥ . i purchased this phone believing that it would work as it is intended to . the problem with the phone is that it simply dose not work . i am a t-mobile user and in the phones description it clearly states that the phone will work on t-mobile's and at&t's gsm networks . when you receive the phone you get a paper in the package that states: "for phones that are advertised as "unlocked", any gsm sim card from a compatible carrier and the correct size (micro sim card) will work in the phone" . i have been on the phone with a technical support rep from t-mobile for about an hour and the representative has told me there is nothing that can be done as it is not a t-mobile phone and he believes that the phone is simply dis-functional . maybe the reason the phone dose not work in my own opinion is because in the notification bar it tells you you need to download the new software update . and even when you connect to a wi-fi service and try to download it will tell you this is not possible as your phone is "modified" (probably refering to the phone being unlocked) either way the phone did not work for me and i am very displeased so buyer beware  .   i love my new cellphone it is very fast and confortable to use . so far, i like it . i'm 68 years old and slow on learning but i'm enjoying every moment of it  . excelent  .   great phone  . for some reason, usb otg didn't work on it . i'm sure it's a great phone, otherwise; if you don't know what otg is then don't worry about it  . this cell coming whit bad battery, no charge, the battery have connect to energy if not cell is off  . its a good seller seller t he products he said t he products arrive on time no problems with nothing, thanks for all . i finally got the phone i wanted it works well easy to work . some problem with the charger,but great quality . the sim card reader was broken up into pieces; therefore the chip or memory card couldnt work so it had to b replaced . it's a excellent product and it was on time . i recommend it a lot . excellent   .   i like this product   . good product! thank you  .   good cell phone, only con is it will start laggin after a few months of use, full reset and it goes fast again, sold it and got myself an lg nexus 4, no lag there . a great phone  .   its unlocked and work perfect in my country . excellent service and perfect product . i love it . decent  .   very good phone . excelente sin duda alguna, funciono correctamente . i bought this product and after a month using it the network was down and the imei don't work any more  .   it is broken  . that disappointment, i bought this cel for my wife in dominican republic think it's the international vercion unlocked, is totally false not unlocked nor the i9300, i had to pay for the release and not the original advertising not working on 3g i always buy here, but another deception like this eh thinking what to keep buying this type of product  .   excelent, thank you . but it does not work with handouts  . excellent product worth what you pay for, i am satisfied with this purchase . 100% recommended excellent product . a very good phone . would recommend this purchase  . es excelent  . excelent products . recommend buying  . the cellphones are great, easy to handle, great features . unfortunately one of the two weren't unlocked and i bought it to use them in venezuela so i had to pay extra to have it unlocked . gratefully it was possible and they work perfectly  .   good phone . great seller . awesome product . love this phone .   everything's good  .   very good features in general  . i am not happy with this purchase  .   bad phone . so far, it has been giving me a very good performance . but i am sure, in course of time, it's going to exceed my expectations as i have heard so much about this phone and even the recent september issue of consumer report's rated this phone as one of the hot items on it's monthly favorite list . i guess this phone does not need any reviews from ignorant writers like me as millions already know that it is a very good phone and would be a asset any given day  . excellent, works great . i bought it for my wife and she enjoyed it . i only noticed i can't share the net using hot spot  . is this a manufacturing defect or normal? does not seem right that this question software three times a week; actualization . the delivery of excellent product   .   excellent  .   amazing thanks for your good products . the version i received did not support my at&t sim card or any other international sim's of mine which have subsequently worked in other phones . i even went to at&t to get a new sim and that did not work either . as i had to leave the us the day after i received the new phone, the issue remains a mystery and i can only assume the model was not 'unlocked international' as advertised  .   the product is awesome  .   good shopping . excellent! 100% recommended  . but as someone who travels internationally often, i am very happy to have it! the phone seems to work perfectly . my wife and i have had s3s for a couple years and we are very happy with its abilities  .   good phone wanted to use with the new cricket but it's not 4g capable  .  its a unlock gsm bu the internet would work with cricket service i really don't know y  .   i like 4g lte phones . i like the s3, good feel, less glitchy than my s2 had been with the software updates . i had the boost mobile s3 until recently, when i switched to cricket and needed an unlocked gsm phone . my boost s3 had just gotten the kit kat update (android 4 .4) and i loved it . :/ so keep in mind these may not have the capability of software updates without rooting . one thing that wasnt a problem for me but might be for someone else was that these are described as being the i9300 but the one i received is the i747 (some different specs) .   unfortunately the phone came bad, does not recognize the sim card all the time, and when he finally reconose not allowed to call or use internet data, my mistake was not to try when the phone arrived and when finally i went to use the phone was bad, and the time to send it back as it had passed  .   work good . this phone is a disgrace, cannot connect to any server, only just able to charge battery, totally dysfunctional, when someone orders a mobile phone it normally means they need it, surely a thorough check of these items should be done prior to dispatch and then noted that they are in good working order before continuing to disappoint customers, all i need is a phone that works in the usa with an appropriate sim and also with different sim in the uk, this has not been possible and i am still waiting for someone to call me back, this has proved quite traumatic, i lost my phone in transit to the usa and now three weeks have passed without a working phone, please do not deliver any further non-working phones to others as it is more than distressful, . very good  .   very good  . this phone was recieve broken and damage,the screen broke it no good  . my wife loves this phone . it was my gift to her and she is happy using it  .   great product so far and meets all expectations . it is exllent and working very very nice  . it's really good except with battery lol, . love my phone, i've had it for almost a year and i had to buy three batteries, and go to technical service .   and it looks like im going for my third visit  .   this phone freezes a lot now . very unhappy with this item and regret purchasing it from amazon . i would replace phone again within the tear but will purchase from a retail like best buy or walmart  .   excellent  .   and it does not work as it should be  .   defective phone! wont make calls . dont buy cells from amazon get them at a store, they may be a bit more expensive but your not gonna get a phone from a shady seller . the phone is not the one i buy, i sent a phone chinese manufacturing, i am very annoying is the first time something like this happens  . nice cellphone, smartphone sometimes heated, sometimes it is slow  . very good product . i recommend it  .   excelent movil, nice order and product  .   it is a great phone still . good evening , i want to tell my story about this product; i bought one s3 approximately in february , at the beginning it started to work perfectly with my sim card for one of the operators in my country, but past 2 months it stops working with the same sin card , it didn't want to recognize the sim card or any another for others operators . over there they told me that my phone belongs to another person , that is for that reason that my sim card stops working with the phone , they assured me that my phone was one stolen one for another person , that the only manner that l could prove then that was my phone is bringing the phones bill to them . once technicians in a different place opened the phone they realized that this one was opened before by someone , but that was not possible because was gonna be the first time that it was going to be opened , so when they showed me the opened phone to proved that they were right , there were parts of the phone that had been injured and damaged before  . so i not only paid for fixed it inside it i also paid for make my phone works again with sim card , with a different imei  . so i don't recommend this place for buying this type of phone because this people sell reconstructed phones and send them anyway   .   excellent  .   good product  .   excellent product met all my needs and expectations   .   therefore congratulate and wish sontinuen offering such high quality products   .   excellent article, fast attention, widely recommended . excelent thank you  .   the phone is new and working perfectly well . i love it  .   i love it .   excellent phone . good evening, i'm extremely upset that the equipment you buy is not working properly, the screen does not work and the computer is unable to work, ie the phone receives no signal, so i can not slide on the screen . buy a supposedly reliable computer and i get an unusable cellular repair in vzla which is more expensive than buying the phone . excellent product and very good service, i recommend . i love galaxies  . my phone is cool  . is a nice phone  . i recommend it . wooow its amazing   .   wonderful   . diferent model false advertise . love it . i love my new phone . me gusto muchoooo . i love it  . 100% recommended, excellent seller . excellent product . bought for a gift and my friends in germany loves it  . great  . it work fine but i guess since it's an international version if doesn't do all the task the the regular samsung galaxy does . but overall it's a good phone . i love this phone   . i want to change the product or refund the money, the battery does not charge never 100% with no charger even though the leave hours charging, the battery or load pin do not work, i have less than 1 month using the phone cell, hopefully reply . i'm disappointed in the purchase, please help . excellent fast and safe equipment are brand new and unlocked . excellent phone, i love it  .   phone worked great i love it . it's a good phone with a large, bright display .   i am quite pleased with my phone to date . one warning to possible buyers - when i charged mine for the first time and it booted up all of the writing was chinese! you can understand that on this side of the world it is completely incomprehensible as that type of writing is not related to latin and hence difficult to decipher . it works great so far and i have no complaints  . perfect equipment  .   excellent  . it has tons of awesome features and works great . this was a really smart buy for me . some of my best phones . good night, to notify you that i had a problem with a white samsung galaxy s3 . orde # 113-2486195-9662637 the phone i get defective screen . i bought more than 7 phones in their store and i have never had any problem until now i expect a prompt response  . new in very good condition . super cellphone . excellent item . thank you and good days . camera does not work - no good antenna - was not good product - i had problems and make repairs - i do not recommend the seller . the phone is good  .  the batery came dead  . and it turns out that sent me the model samsung galaxy s iii / sgh-i747 gsm unlocked, sastisfecho'm not because i required the s3 i9300 is faster because the cell is 4 cores . works great . great phone   .   the cell galaxy s3 i recieved was not in mint condition another words the screen on the cell was scratched- it has a program installed called super user (in root) . i bought the phone last march and worked fine for two months then started to have a problem in charching the phone as after keeping it charging the whole night i found it 10% only  .   thought it is a charger issue, i bought a new charger and still facing same issue till it is not charging at all . cool  .   the phone was scratched up way more than the description said and has a few problems with the phone working correctly  . i can't use the phone here they sold me a bad phone . great  . excellent device can work perfectly thanks for sale without any more words to say is very elegant design can be positioned left and right beforehand   . loving it .   very good conditions .   great product . arrived promptly  . the s3 came in perfect condition .   works fast . works fast . very good excellent . no complaints  .  like it . very good product, fast and elegant works perfectly in venezuela with all operators . best galaxy phone ever had! lots of memory, rarely freezes and has high quality camera  .   i love my cellphone .   hi i just want to mention that this international version supports only edge not 3g or 4g with t mobile connection . please be aware, i am not sure if there is any other way to make it work on 3g . this is a good item . my phone did not work properly when i bought it . the battery died on the charger and i plugged it in for 10 hours and it only charged 12% . excellent thank you very much . good  . the phone is in very poor condition, purchase a new phone and i sold this defective phone, i am very sad, does not work the camera and cable to charge the battery does not work and does not look like the original phone . looks like a copy of chinese telephone . (brown box bonanza) i want my money back, i do not want this orrible defective phone  .   the screen is very, very bright and crisp, fluid and is something the team color is beautiful  . didn't like the phone wouldn't run on the 4g network . best phone i have seen for the money  .  couldn't find a new one found one on ebay like new and had no hitches  .   phone stopped working no replacement or return available terrible product and seller  . perfect replacement for my damaged siii .  which was great when i traveled to italy this summer  .   does not work with any sim card  .   i love it . i loved the product i recommend, although the magazine did not seem very good quality . excellent all well . this is a very good smartphone i've been using . having used it for almost half an year, i am very satisfied with how it performs! it has high-tech fashion design, and it has an almost-perfect audio performance . the quality of resolution on this phone's screen is incredible! whenever i am reading e-books, watching short movies, or playing all these cool apps i downloaded from play store, i am always never getting tired of doing these things repeatedly due to the high-quality display of the screen! however, there are also some downsides i would like to point out! despite having 8 mega-pixel for photographing, i am sometimes disaappointed with the results when i take picture--unless i am taking picture in a place where has sufficient light and clear views . also, the battery duration seems a bit of a problem to me . i always need to re-charge it everytime i am back from works, even i am not using the phone most of the time! in conclusion, this is a masterpiece designed and made by samsung, i would consider it almost 100% perfect phone compared to most high-end phones . 5 stars for this lovely high-tech phone despite some drawbacks  .   very good  .   it worked perfect in venezuela (movistar/digitel) . excelent  .   excellent articule . the best brand . nice phone . the person i got it for is very happy with it  .   great phone, stable and fast . camera is fairly good, audio quality is ok (was better in galaxy s1) . using cyanogen mod android (no stock rom) because samsung's roms are always slow and heavily loaded with their crap  . very bad and disappointed . i ordered the galaxy s3 but unfortunalty whenever it went to standby mode - it was frozen and had to be restarted . i tried to look in many forums how to solve the problem and didn't figure out . finally - problems happpens from time to time . i hope when i buy another one i will not face the same problem again . work very well . excellent  .   excellent  .   excellent  . downloaded very fast and is not the battery, i would like to make a change   .   i did not like the phone because nothing works well . its was good for 1 year and the battery died . i went to a samsung booth at a best buy store and the samsung thecnician said that my cellphone is false . it's a shame  .   i' m very upset! now i'm a owner of a false samsung smartphone! what can i do now? amazon shold ban this kind of company .   superb  . i would recommend this bcuz i bought this for my cousin's birthday who is in d . the product arrived safely and nice packaged he said he loves it a lot hehehe and he told me it even charges with solar energy really? wow im amazed and he also said it woks fine thanks u a lot seller u made one very happy person in my country dominican republic :) . excellent article, the best price and delivery time is very fast recommend to all . love this phone . had a htc inspire and will never buy a htc again .   excellent article like this is published without any problems or faults and in good condition and good working recommended an excellent product . well in less than five months i realized that the casing of the phone kept falling off and i could not figure out why .   good seller, i am sure it's not the seller's fault, it just stopped working after 3 days, the screen went dark, but it still rang . they were nice enough to refund the money with a hefty re-stocking fee  . meets my standards regarding what i would like out of a phone .   i purchased this galaxy s3 i9300, not researching the word in discription "international", big mistake on my part . the phone would only work with a 2g or the edge networks .   i received my order on time as promised the phone is in good condition when i receceived it and it has all the features that were descrived im now using it and it satisfy my expectation the only concern i have is in the battery that only last 24hrs even though i've already enabled the power save tool can you give me some advise on that .all in all its a good buy thanks . rip off artist, fake, horrible product  .  seller has 206 negative reviews selling refurbish samsung galaxy s3 19300 16gb as new and amazon allows him to continue to sell on their platform . bought the phone feb 6, 2014, and have been having problems with not ringing, dropping calls, static and difficulty understanding callers, paint peeled off all around the phone edges, almost 50 % of the bottom half of the screen is burnt with a black circular marking making is almost impossible to visualize the keyboard to text, the back of the phone get very very very hot where i can only hold the edges . i feel ripped off and the seller is doing nothing to correct this problem, i am taking the matter further to a higher authority if i do not get a resolution to this problem .  buyers beware  . the phone provided by this crashes regularly and is unstable, unlike the identical model i bought from a cell phone company (which was stolen) . although this item came in what appears to have been authentic packaging, i suspect that i may have received a repackaged item . my phone contacts were initially improperly linked (different names simply inseparably linked to one id), then were completely deleted . i am unable to sync the device with my other accounts .   other than the fact that the white plastic gets chipped up and therefore looks beat up, it works very well  .   very good service, phone as expected . it works fine with the service providers in mexico . good phone . i choose this phone as a gift for my brother and he likes it very much  .  although i heard some negative comments about factory unlocked products from amazon but in my case it was more then ok  .  and the galaxy s3 is a nice android version  .  and i have found s4 got no big difference in compare to s3  .  so i strongly recommend to choose this phone  .   i think it is a good product as the quality justifies it 5 stars if i value nothing more to ask thank you very much . very good sale  .   it is the best phone i've had, i loved it . all right it was no problem, so long his box was all excellent phone, fast, great, totally recommended . get everything right in the box, all accessories in its sealed . the phone arrived earlier than expected and the phone was to my mothers liking, however i may have just ended up with a faulty charger; no kool . i put it to charge and only heated up and not charge sold me defective i think that i cheated . although it worked, sensor of phone (bottom left)doesn't work well . this is the same side of the phone where the main call button is! problem 2, the port on this phone doesn't work, therefore the battery can't be charged . i bought a battery charger port so seller refunded the amount for the charger . problem 3 . it's far better dealing with people who have products vs one product . buyer beware  . i promptly returned it . quality assurance needs to be much stronger here as i'm not sure i will be using this site again to purchase a cellular telephone . very disappointed  .   i am very disappointed claims to be an unlocked cell and when i get my country was not well, really not worth trusting a provider as this was my first purchase and i pass it, i'm sad because all they said to me that in was reliable amazon buy . it only added plastics to make it look like they new, but has many scratches on the casing . i am very dissatisfied with the product, however, does not send you the computer because it is a very tedious process from venezuela . take into account their equipment providers because they appear to be second-hand when they are really "new" and over time will get negative ratings . so you may have trouble writing  .   phone wasn't unlocked properly it was still running on the at&t program . i was kinda disappointed with the fact that you said it was unlocked international version . my trouble was enhanced by the fact that i trusted the supplier to provide quality checked phones . i read some reviews about fake s3 international being sold by vendors on amazon . if i got a fake i would just return it before my trip and get my relative another phone in her country . i thought great and took it on my trip . but i notice that superuser was install so it was already rooted, which was unexpected as it was a brand new phone . it was only when i was trying to install a custom recovery to install a custom rom and fonts, that i realize it was fake . the custom recoverys for i9300 failed to install properly, but the custom recovery for the other s3 variants which includes i747 worked . i didn't want to risk bricking the phone so i left installed rom alone . on top of that the battery was faulty and had to be replaced . it is her first smart phone so my relative kept it anyways and seem to like it . if it doesn't say i9300 it is fake  . additionally, i can see some scratches on the back cover  . i am satisfied with the products purchased . thank you very much . very good products . perfect size and light-weight phone . it works just fine so far though no warranty . i liked it and i hope it continues to work for long  .   i will choose 5 stars because i liked i would recommend this to someone yes i like this product is good . the cel never worked for three weeks and then i cannot charge the battery i am so angry about this . i am very satisfied with the phone it is fantastic  .  after a bad one came from another company, this one came and i am very happy  .   up to now i think is a very good smrt phone! despite the battery last less than one day without using it that much  .   i got this for my mom for mothers day and she loves it . i havent heard her say anything bad about it . such a great price too  . the cellphone looked like used in good conditions . also comes with some garbish aplications like rzeczpospolita, skychash, e-kiosk which are not easy to uninstall  .   is the best phone, my wife is very happy for this and the quality is excelent .   samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300 factory unlocked phone - international, only work good for a year, now present failed with the wifi . it is excellent, i received on time and the quality is great work as it’s required and i will give 5 stars, it’s just wonderful, better impossible, i was checking many different and similar of this one and i couldn’t find someone like this  . they sold me a junk with a defective chip and lifeless battery .   it is very good cell phone . i am very happy for this buy . i can recommended that  . keep stealing money friend . very good phone, at least now is fine , i like soo much mi new phone thanks  . good good . doesn't work at all . also the worst customer service ever . they never answer and when they do answer they do it in a bad way . like if it is a pain in the neck for them to fix your problem and provide you with a good phone . again the phone is still locked and the worst customer service . he love the phone and it is now an appendage to his person how did he manage before with his me-too  .   the phone has worked 3 days and then died . as i am in argentina now, to send back the s3 to usa is as expensive as the phone . i feel cheated  .   it is good cell phone, all as expected before order . i hope so it will work good in next period  . short version: the phone wont work unless you use it in europe or you have an european friend from whom you can borrow his sim card and do a 5 minute call (no joke) . otherwise the phone will not work! long version: i didn't had much knowledge about cellphone locks and that sort of stuff, that is why when i saw on this phone being sold as "international unlocked" i though it would work internationally and it would not had any kind of locks . and also the the questions the seller replied to customers enforce my theory that it should work: --- q: does it work in argentina with movistar? sep 22, 2013 a: yes --- unfortunately the seller avoids to tell that there is a new lock being implemented by samsung that prevent to use the phone directly on a different region from where it was intended to be used . this lock was implemented by samsung to prevent illegal imports of their products, as it seems to be the case with this seller ." when i tried to use the phone with a non-european sim it would just ask for an unlock code, and if dismissed it will just not work as a cellphone . i contacted the seller by email first (the theoretical support email address that came written down on the box), but after three weeks the haven't yet replied . --------------- original response from vendor (codes and phone # replaced with x): good afternoon and thank you for being so patient with us as we investigate this issue for you . if this is unsuccessful please pull the battery and restart phone then enter the code: xxxxxxx . it will say unsuccessful then please enter the code: xxxxxx again . we are willing to do anything to make sure you are a satisfied customer as we do value your business . our technician has informed us if this code does not work for you, the only other route to this problem would before you to root the phone . however, i also understand you are not in the us at the time anymore so it would be more difficult for you to return the item to us . once again, please accept our sincerest apologies for the troubles this has caused you . please advise on how you would like to proceed, we are also open to any suggestions you may have for resolving this matter . thank you and have a great day . the other method they suggested was rooting the phone, unfortunately rooting the phone does not automatically unlocks the phone because it is something totally different, rooting the phone only gives you root access . at the moment when i bough the phone there is no such a thing for this particular model, it does exist a hack for the galaxy note, but not for the g3-i9300 . after this unsuccessful attempts i contacted the seller again to return the phone, 2 weeks later they have not yet replied . luckily enough there was an european friend who kindly lent me his sim card and we did a 5 minute call and the phone was unlocked . please, my team not the is i expected need a prompt response or give me the money in a tank in an account that i have in miami please answer caracas-venezuela . the phone works very well until now, but the box gives the impression that it has been opened before, since the paste had a label had been removed and another was placed on another side of the same . not pleased with the phone .its freezing when u in apps . nothing triggered this, the phone has never fallen or anything . i am furious and need to be compensated for this great loss! further more this phone is not 3g/4g compatible and works at snail speed i am completely dissatisfied  .   this is my first smart phone and there is a learning curve (i couldn't figure out how to answer my first call) . the phone is light and has a large clear screen . the camera is better than i expected . text messaging is easy because the keyboard is very responsive, especially when turned sideways as that makes the keys bigger . i haven't used many of the phones features yet but i think we are going to get along just fine  . besides this, it is not international unlocked version either because the box says: "only for uk country" and it just works with at&t telephony . i will really appreciate a solution from the seller about this situation  .   i like my new phone works very well, as you described it is released and i could use it once with my sim card  . i'm pleased with the look and feel of this one, handy and comfortable to carry out in your pocket without no one notice at all, and sometimes even yourself . on the other hand, sometimes android gets laggy and clumsy with some commands, taking a few seconds to respond my demands and i realized that my windows phone managed performance in a better shape than this s3 . another issue with this device, and the most difficult one, is that although in the title of the publication said the device came unlocked turns out it wasn't, and at this point is when my nightmare begins . i purchased from a different seller than amazon with apparently good rates and reviews but the customer service until now it has been deficient and i must say i'm very upset about their treatment with my complain about my s3 locked issue . they told me that samsung are shipping devices unlocked since 5 months ago only for using under european and north american soil and it wont work properly with carriers from latin america, africa or asia . i use to travel a lot because my job requires it and i wanted to try some new different and taste what everybody told me about the marvelous world of android but i couldn't do it because of this matter . therefore, and with a great effort, i made a deal with this seller and they will pay the rooting process in order to unlock the cellphone to all regions .   it's didnot work international it says unlock but if you try out of country they say we have to download software and it never worked . is a very powerful and pretty phone . is a top line cell phone, meets the expectations and it has 4 bands, to use worldwide  .   great phone . great service  . i highly recommend this kind of accessories later i will continue buying accessories best regards eduardo araujo . great phone . good evening, the team sansumg s iii is not released to buy have not been able to use since i am disappointed when i buy check me leave to say that any operator (unlocker) . i really do not c porq this step if the descriccion article clearly states that it is released and finds bands that appeared with me in the characteristics thereof  . this phone not only met my expectation, but exceeded it . it is very easy to use and is built rather sturdy  . easy to install and provides good protection to the phone body . cons - there is a line showing up along with the side which sometimes steals the looks . compre este cel q era liberado internacionalmente y jamas fue asi funciona solo con movistar y no era el gt i 9300 si no el 747 no los recomiendo y vienen sin audifonos y pare de contar para no darles mas detalles! q buy this cel was released internationally and was never so works only with movistar and i was not the gt 747 9300 if not not recommend headphones and go without having to stop and not give more details  . this people are a totally mess  . this team only came with a screen protector, and the international version is sold for america and equipment in the box said european version, so eye with the purchase of this equipment as well  . had to pay somebody to unlock the phone for me or else it would only be good as a paperweight  .   this cell phone is great, i am very pleased with the product, it's really good . thank you very much for everything  . this is not the right phone they advertise . excellent  .   i am not pleased with this order, it has clear evidence of water damage nor was it unlocked as described  .   it has been working great since i had it . i would not have purchased these and then had to go through the hassle of returning them if i had known that info  .   good product .   a good one has almost everything basic u need . is an excellent product, i recommend it to everyone so they can purchase it . approved and is of very good quality . what a pain and a shame, considering i live in venezuela  .   purchase a galaxy s3 and i get everything as expected, no tube delays but the team came to me in italian language and europe i am from venezuela and when i insert my micro-sim says "no sim" i acquired the team because here said it was unlocked . at the beginning it worked fine, but later it got stucked, frozen, had problems with the wi-fi and the battery didn't charge fully . besides, the battery went down very fast from 64% to 10% in 30 minutes . but, the android version what the device came with was a correct one . i felt angry and scammed . also, he could check that one of the charge connectors was loose and probably that was the cause of my problems with the battery . however, my problems with the battery continue . i do not recommend anyone to purchase this item from this seller . be very careful and don't let they fool you as it happened to me  . on the box it reads " do not accept if seal is broker or tampered" but my box has a broken seal . the cellphone is new but it's not unlocked, i paid for the bands to be release and the 850 does not work i had another s3 and no problem, but this one isn't what the description says it doesn't work with all the band it says it works . all good product came in perfect condition and at the right time and the excellent quality and a fair price . all good product came in perfect condition and at the right time and the excellent quality and a fair price . it's wasn't like description says  .   i am really angry about it! i payd so much money after i take the phone to unlocke it . att got it to work with them . so they can do it if you get the right person to do it  .   sold as the international version, when the phone arrived in brazil i found it doesn't work here . double check to make sure it works in your country . buyer beware  . it came in a nice box . i'm so glad i got one . i really like this cell phone features . also you will find cheaper covers than others phones . do not receive g4, but in argentina this service is not available so pay for a phone with g4 and not be able to use it is not and smart choice  .   it's good for the price, work good, the speed is good in the wireless and the red too has many accessories for the phone . it's much faster and i like the blue color . after that, works like a charm . much cheaper than the u .   i did not work in costa rica, i say it is locked to costa rica, and i can help with this problem that i have  .   the phone is great, love it  . i wrote to the support email on the package and got no answer . very bad customer service  .   is a lack of seriousness as you are irresponsible and they were wrong in the delivery of the package and nop want to get responsanble for this reason i ask you that it resolved my case or sue you as my box nothing has come at a time contact the company and there is no charge diber any employee identified by the name of venegas i demand that it resolved my case .   i feel really cheated this phone is not like being unlocked . i really do not recommend a waste of money . i recommend if you need . if you want more quality is best  .   i bought this phone for my brother, so i really don't know how good or bad this phone is . but he seems happy with it . sorry, i have a really bad experience  .   excellent device, working perfectly in brazil . recommend would definitely know how to buy the site to deliver in brazil . no issues of any kind at all cause its working smoothly and i enjoy using the samsung galaxy s3 i9300 16gb . i love my cellphone, its a really good product and it comes in any language you want  .   100% happy  .   good seller . the phone works perfect it been three weeks now and no issue . as far as the quality of the phone itself i like it very much . only complaint would be the battery life . you can drain the battery dry within a couple of hours depending on what apps you are running . was able to take my consumer cellular sim from old phone and use it right away . have had no problems with getting good quality gsm signal where i'm located and i anticipate overseas traveling will be no issues  . from a distance i have been admiring the samsung galaxy s3, and thought that this was way out of my league as i am technically challenged . anyways i got the phone and i have not regretted my decision, ❤❤❤❤❤ . it's simply amazing  .   i'm absolutely in love with this phone . so much better than iphone .   this is a nice phone and works perfectly . good price, delivered on time, and works great  .   i was initially very pleased with this phone . performance was quick and reception was clear, which is very helpful sionce i am hearing impaired . however, after about four month's usage, i started having difficulty getting the battery to charge in the phone . eventually i lost the abiliy to charge the battery in the phone . i was able to charge the eb-l1g6llu by using a rubber band and spacer to wedge the cell intothe charger, but decided to return the set . so far i have been unable to locate a new, genuine samsung battery for the i9300 internaltional phone, so beware if you think about buying this phone . becasue there is not warranty, you are out of luck if a problem arises after the return date  .   great phone! it's really amazing this samsung galaxy s3 . i absolutely recommend buying this smartphone . and the best thing is that they brought it just in time . very nice   .   i love phone so much but i dropped it once and the screen cracked and now i have to pay $240 to fix it which is almost as much as i payed for it . basically get a good case . wonderful device meets all expectations perfect size cristal clear screen super fast great looks powerful cool to have and a whole lot more! tank you . i bought this phone to replace a broken s3, and i was really excited to see an unlocked version on amazon . unfortunately, this phone is gsm, and not cdma, so it won't work if you have a verizon phone . so in net shell i received a phone from amazon which was defective and already repaired . i am very disappointed with my whole experience with this phone and the kind of seller amazon has  .   the unit supplied fast  .   it works well  .   recommended  . it works perfect in israel . i like it  . the shipping estimate wasn't right and it was almost a month waiting on it . it was really worth the wait because it really works very well  . 3 days after i bought the phone it felt down and the screen was broken right away, other than that samsung galaxy has always been my favorite . excellent  . excellent  . 3 weeks later i never got a phone my requests for a refund have been ignored ups says straight trading can only give me info straight trading says i have to contact ups i'm tired of dealing with a lack of communication i feel disrespected and cheated out of my money now my husband wants to get our attorney involved over $269 . i will return it right away . do not order if you want your phone to work  .   pretty good works as should it . fast shippment no worries much better than i could imagine recommended if you need a cell phone . the product is ok and of good quality, original . i would recommend these to a friend . this phone is advertises as an unlocked international version; didn't work after inserting a t-mobile sim card . samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300is a excellent mobile phone . that great buy and have all tools are necessary to be online with technology world . this one works just fine for me  .   it is fantastic as i expected and i recommend others to buy it . it is a good deal . i like it  .   this is a complete disaster i purchased a new phone for $336 .70 and got an old used phone, had it hooked up it's not working properly giving a lot of trouble even to turn it off is a problem have to remove battery this phone freezes up all the time, it's a piece of garbage  .   i like this phone, it was very good for travel being unlocked . samsung always makes a solid product . buy with confidence  .   what can i say, this galaxy iii is a replacement to my galaxy s (first generation) it came clean with (android 4 .3 jelly bean) and no visible signs of scratches or damage, i was able to drop in, power up and log on in just minutes . i love it and so will you  .   dose nothing but freeze up on me all the time . well the hubby loves the phone . just wished i could of bought a warranty with it that was a good one . unlocked phones do not come preloaded with internet and mms like network branded phones . here is a small manual how to set up the settings for at&t customers . this phone does not work with sprint or verizon" end of qoute .   how do you know unless you opened it and tested it? still sold as new, right  . i doubt it's a chinese replica, this is why seal is removed (glue residues are obvious on the package and collect dust) . that is fraud and must be investigated by amazon in order to keep their reputation . im in venezuela, the phone is absolutely brand new , it works perfect, it comes with all accesories, i recommended 100 o/o   .   im having trouble with the phone  . about 3 weeks after i got it i started to experance trouble with it  . the phone was delivered with a loose contact on usb connector . as i happened to be in asia two weeks later i brought the phone to some guys who do cheap mobile phone repair . i looked at the board myself and i guess they were right! as i live in germany, i did not send the phone back to us so far, but i complained via amazon . i can not recommend this seller  . the s3 is now for the price a good choice if yo need a good ann not so expensive smartphone . when i got it installed a few games the next day the screen goes bazzar it has pink colors and lines like it has been hacked . blutekusa sold me, i liked the phone was excelnte, came in excelent conditions, but it came locked when the title tells that it's unlocked i had to pay for unlock it because the phone is pal (european) it worked only with europeans sim card when they known that i'm in am'rica (venezuela) i hope that it wil not happen when i buy another phone  . the phone is he that described in the page? because i have read several negative reviews that the phone is not the described . grateful for your response . i set it up for a h2o unlimited service for $30, and works perfect . the sim card for h2o got it from amazon just for a penny and free shipping . i did not have any problem to set up the phone and the service . my son is crazy about this phone and we think is the best phone ever  .   i liked the phone very much . it is easy to operate and to view . this is one great phone  . this is one of the best devices i have ever had, and i am a bb lover . i must say that after i got use to the operating system, i really began to appreciate what the phone offers . the screen is magnificant, big and bright . the audio is very clear and i must admit that i have slight hearing issues . i highly recommend it  .   the seller that i bought from sent me a phone that was not unlocked and therefore did not work with the phone company i wanted to use . the phone was in great shape and i love the samsung galazy s3; it is one of the best phones out in the market . i just wish it was the correct phone . i recently purchased another samsung galazy s3 and love using it  . product appears fine and would like to make good use of it . it is high quality, the screen looks great and sounds very good . the size is perfect and the camera is very cuena . i am very happy with this purchase . 100% recommend this product . very easy to learn how to use . i would recommend this phone to everyone  .   this phone is the international version i9300 and it is a awesome phone, i only have 1 issue, when i received the phone it came in the retail packaging but the sticker that you see that says do not accept this item if this seal is broken, well the seal wasn't broken but i could see where there had been a sticker placed on top on another so idk if that was done because the phone was already opened and they resealed it with another sticker or that's just the way it is, also after i got the package open and pulled the phone out i could see that it had already had a screen protector already stuck onto the screen, now idk if all these i9300 new phones come with a screen protector already installed on the screen but mine had one already stuck on it . that's pretty much everything i can say about the phone, so beside those 2 issues everything else was perfect and i cant complain .   good night the reason for my post is to wish congratulations to the way they move their labor hambiente and hope they continue improving through . the phone sucked the batter was swollen after three weeks and no replacement can be found since it is not a standard standard phone battery  .   good i am writing is to know why me sending a samsung galaxy sgh-t999 s3? the phone did not bring user manual . the headset is of poor quality . good smartphone, the only complaint is the battery, poor life battery, doesn't last more than 3 hours . need to be improved  . they inserted a new sim card, and it works great . came with us and international plug for the charger, so that was a bonus  .   love it, no other way to describe it . had it delivered to new york area but live in europe and it was no problem at all  . i think that is one of the best phone that launched the samsung . we recommend to anyone who has a good mobile phone . i think that is one of the best phone that launched the samsung . we recommend to anyone who has a good mobile phone . product excelent, good , is product of quality, recomended for all the people, buy with securety, 100% recomended, after the final . i loved it, it is better than expected, very pleased with what i bought, perfect in every . i love the phone, i just wish the volume was a little louder i can hardly hear it . other than that i love it .  :/ and that really upsetting and disappointing . i have it for over a year until i lost it and i must say that i highly recommend this product . the phone came in perfect physical condition but is blocked . i need an urgent solution to this problem, otherwise you would be selling a fake product and that is punishable by law  . the only thinkg i'm not satisfied with is that samsung s3 have some irritating property that make it hard to use, illogic  .   i'm upset by the product, i first came to the second damaged screens phones are chinese are not samsung original galaxy have external antenna and no equipment original s3 brings, exigo i reimburse my money since q ue phones do not work and are damaged . i love this phone . the only problem i had was setting it up for my at&t network, something that was accomplished by going to settings, mobile networks, apn, new apn, and then entering the at&t setting already in my wife's phone . any at&t store should be able to do the same thing for you for free in less than 5 minutes . excellent service  .   phone came on time and in good condition, but took over six hours to charge and the charging last only half a day . i am left to believe that the battery is not good and now have to purchase a new one,hopes this solves the problem . so buyers beware  .   well the phone is what i expected . there were a few dents but that's fine . this is a ripoff compared to the moto g  .   these phones are used, lost a lot of money buying from this buy, amazon take this seller off there ripping off people, said new but its used an cost the same as new phones . very disappointing an hurt about it, dealing with amazon for years make me wonder what next to do . take this buyer down an beware people there spammers  .   i don't like it because you can't update it to android 4 .3 and you don't have radio i just hate it if i know that i wouldn't buy it . the product i bought with the order number # 002-5767992-7866665 did not fullfil my expectations due to the fact that it does not work properly . it has very poor signal, and in most cases, whenever i want to talk to someone in a phone call, they do not hear to me . i do want to make clear that another product with the order number #002-4076089-4078627 (same phone) works well . a great phone for a great value, my advise is to wait alwais to buy a smart phone, unless it be a iphone, the price will drop in a 40% about a year of the release date  . worse operating system this is the sansung siii difente offer no indicates that the computer is not the original samsung . the usb cable is not a tablet this team, i want a solution to this deception, or fraud and that i was supposed to buy a samsung galaxy siii original .   this is a great phone . love the camera and the features . i've since upgraded to the s4 active . love my samsung phones . have had the phone for 2 weeks now and really like it . very nice clear screen . size is bigger than what i was used to but still fits into my pocket fine . usb cable still works fine with other usb plug-ins we have  .   i've had the s2 and loved it . had it activated in mexico's telcel network with no problem  .   the phone has never disappeared came to the company fresh! i had already refunded the money but there should be a return message indicating when such a situation occurs, because if one does not demand money back because the item never arrived then you lose that money and the item  . furthermore, i am unable to get her opinion . this is a clear-cut case of false advertising by "manipulation of terms", with a high "likelihood of confusion", and can, therefore, be the object of civil enforcement . potential customers should be aware of this "manipulation of terms" before placing their order for this item to avoid the hassle of returning it to the third-party vendor  .   we bought it and it is working perfectly in mexico with telcel (mobile phone company) . besides that everything is great  .   before buying this phone i read many reviews and was afraid to buy one . so many reviews were critical of vendors with statements like "got a refurbished phone", "received a chinese knockoff", "phone would not work right out of the box", "no warranty", etc . i am very pleased with their service and their honesty . it does much more than i imagined and the software has not faltered - no crashes or restarts . my only issue so far is gps navigation . you basically store the map area of interest in cache and from there on it's supposed to work using just gps . i have been unable to do this unless i have an internet connection at the beginning of my route to select the destination . after the destination is selected and a route is plotted, you can then disconnect from the internet and all works well . without a connection the map works and it shows your location and nearby points of interest accurately, but you can't select a destination and navigate a route . very satisfied with my purchase . i have been using the phone now for several weeks and am very pleased with its performance . other than the gps issue described above, all has been working flawlessly  .  no crashes or unintended restarts . it's absolutely amazing what this phone can do . i highly recommend this phone and the vendor i bought it from  .3 update was downloaded ota and after installed the phone was not able to make or receive calls anymore, it said not registered to the network, so i contacted the seller and he told me samsung would cover the warranty ( by the way the no warranty ) was not there when i bought the phone, any way i callled samsung headquarters and they told me samsung does not cover any samsung phone bought through amazon, so here i am with a useless three month old samsung s3 sold through amazon by an irresponsible seller who only wants to sell phones with no support to buyers, that is money talk . good day . all good, but the phone was not unlocked and i had to pay extra, i was disappoint  . the android os is too complicated compared to the windows phone 8 .   i bought this for use in brazil and works perfectly well . it was a good shopping . perfect  .   this is a wonderful phone . fast, nice, good apps  .   this product is fake, it's not original and you will have many problems with it . the software is very bad and you can't update it or even replace it ith new version .   i am unable to use this phone on my sprint network . good afternoon, i am writing to inform you of the problem with the cell phone to buy him, i presentouna failures and lead to the samsung authorized service and cell phone review found that the imei code that has the tag attached to the barcode when cell phone is not the same imei code that has registered the cell phone, and for that reason does not guarantee them . samsung told me that i contact you to me that my problem solution . i appreciate the solution of my problem as soon as possible . thank goodbye to you . i love this phone . the phone works perfectly but unfortunately in canada it does not work with wind - network .   amazing phone but might not work with you network . i would like to help in this regard  .   the team did not show the features offered! 9300 series i indicated and i turned 535, indicating unlocked which resulted not true! i had to come to venezuela and cheated with this team . i received it just the other day and i love it already! great phone, and in great shape! i couldn't have asked for a better one! my only concern is the usb cable that was sent with it goes into the phone with difficulty and feels stuck when i try to take it out . i would recommend this phone to anyone, in fact i already did . great phone  .   it really helps me with my daily taks for work and home it has a great speaker . i cant get enough of this phone  .   although i like the phone itself, i'm not happy with the fact that this was supposed to be a new phone and clearly it was not . the back of the phone has scuff marks on the back .   granted, the product is received in top condition   . the phone meets all the expectations i had and also satiface all needs that led me to make your purchase  .   very good phone but they take time for shipping and they sent me a european charger .but i am in love with this phone really worth it   .   don't like there is no way for me to upgrade the software . add less then a year like the s3 but this one  . the vendor sould include in the package a conversor or a generic version at least that can be used in other countries, or at least speicy this clearly in the product description . second, i didn't like the phone, the plastic parts are very fragile and the material is poor, but this is not particular of this version, this happens qith all s3 . my screen broke after 2 weeks without even falling or receiving a hit . i kept it in a front pocket of my jeans while driving my bycicle and it broke just from the movement of my leg  .   "the phone is not genuine, they sent me the chinese version and i got only one month with this phone and the battery doesn't charged anymore, i'm from venezuela and i can't find overhere this battery cause is the chinese version, it's a crap version not original, i am very disappointed with the seller .   great device i used , leter i changed to s4 because im a tech person, but my wife still use it and it just works great  . unfortunately i didn't do my homework & i couldn't get it to work on my straight talk service & i returned the phone & the gentleman was awesome he refunded my money no problem & he offered to help me get it working but if any of you have straight talk you know what i mean  . i believe this guy is a true gem & i would highly recommend him and his phones again .   it is an amazing cell phone, it was better than i expect, the only problem was that it wasn't sent the cell phone manual but for everything else its great  .   the cellphone has bad the battery because i cant fully charge it (100%)  . i see details on the surface of the phone like it was broken  .   im not happy whit my order  .   and i have some trouble to update the firmware  .   like the title says, the phone doesn't work well internationally . it takes forever to send a message, a lot of failed sms sends . buy it thinking it was original samsung but left very disappointed to see that it was nothing more than a cheap copy which to buy original price .   i'm new to buying phones on line - so i didn't know there are national providers whose chips won't work in some phones .this phone is perfect for someone with bad eyesight i have had this phone for almost a month without any problem  .   it's a nice phone, but it's no the international version, it has rooted, for that four stars, work well in venezuela . it was the wrong phone for my carrier  . i really lost money on this   .   if you are looking for free phone that can work anywhere and you are into the edge og technlogy just go for it, shop best delivered this phone in just one day dispite of the fact i had chosen 5 day standard shipping i put in my order on the 24 feb at 11pm got shipped on 25 and delivered on 27th, it was more than i had expected in terms of speed . am loving it, it came with french manual, usb, ear phones . excellent product worked well, really recommend is a good productoa an unbeatable price, i am happy for this purchase reallmente if needed would buy another product equal  .   i've used for almost 2 years before buying s4, which i did just because i got it in a really good deal, was already really happy with it! great phone  .   after having my phone just for months i realize that it is a fraud it dosent even have an original rom (rom stock) from samsung so a can not update it through ota and it says that it has ben modify so i cant do it by samsung kies either, as if that were not enough the battery got damage and when i bought the replacement battery it didnt even match with my phone or course because it is not a samsung galaxy s3 wich i should imagine since the first day because the phone its white and it came in a blue box and without headphones so summarizing fraud fraud fraud  .   i have major issues with the phone and i am out of the return policy . i have a friend that has the same phone directly from tmobile and doesn't have the issues i have . the issues i experience are 1) drop calls . don't use this phone to make calls 2) battery dies fast . 3) the screen is starting to die and flicker . i wouldn't not recommend this phone from this place . they may have got a bad batch or something but it is terrible  .   this is an amazing phone to have . screen size is big for viewing . very nice cellphone with the best functions of android so it is a cell with caracateristics very fast and the only bad thing is that it doent work with 4g . also it has charging problems, and it cracked from a fall of only two feet .   very good  .   excellent article, very practical, very fast modern yy . from all points of view is excellent i recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing it . even though it is states that the product is factory unlocked international version, you fail to state that this is an at&t phone, that comes with sever un-removable at&t which are useless outside the us (and indeed to anyone not working with at&t), and that the tether option, which is crucial for me, is blocked .3, it cannot recognize the mobile network! sim lock error  . i asked several times will this phone work with sprint  . i only needed to activate it! wrong, wrong, i took it to sprint it's not a sprint phone, sprint said its a useless phone can't be activated . i want to keep the phone if it will work with out too much hassle . i have called best buy they sell sim cards for $30 . if that solves the problem, i will be keeping this good looking phone . when reading the model and id #'s to best buy tech's they said it wasn't a sprint phone either . i realize that! loud and clear . i just want it to work with my sprint, usa carrier . i hope, if i have to return this phone, i can with a full refund on my credit card . i'm a new user to the smart phones . it's an easy to learn-use phone . i love it-what else can i say  . but it is not better than other seller . so annoying and ruin my day  .   i bought this phone back in february 2013, in november it broke down and neither the seller, samsung usa nor amazon cover the warranty in the us . totally insane  .   omg i can't say enough how much i love this shop and how great the products are that they have sent to me . i bought 2 phones from them and both have worked perfectly . thank you so much  .   the phone is nice i took it to mexico for my girlfriend on valentines day and it wasnt unlocked she has to spend 40 dollars to unlock it . now the cell phone is hurting me and venezuela can not repair it because it's not i9300 . excuse my english . excellent quality . i have long in use it, and work correctly  .   second time that i ordered this cellphone and i'm happy with the result! is the same that is in the picture  . i completely dissatisfied with the service and product delivered . i like that phone . i used for 8 month of purchase for $450 and lost it . i lost that phone unfortunately last january in metro . someone do like it again and doesn't want to return it to me after found it . i do still want that phone back cause first i love it and second it was for me a huge cash investment without contract . in con i will said that the phone starting have some earing trouble after 3 months of use . also the battery after 4 months of purchase doesn't last at all and early before i lost it i cannot have conversation without put my phone on loudspeaker . the micro do have problem like the battery . i hope that my new user will fix that problem and pray for me to have money to buy another one . again these were delivered as promised and was what it was suppose to be . new phone and works great . no problems of any kind so you can be at rest  .   very sleek and good looking phone . handy and lesser weight . easy to carry . fast and perfect . everybody will like this phone . good seller .   works as good as they said it would i would order from them again . i won't waste a lot of words here since it's last year's tech, but it's a nice phone . whatever android phone you buy, make sure it's unlocked, but probably the nexus is better value for your money . that's what i'll get when this one is dead  . such a smart device . i have recently replaced it with the s4 after losing the s3 in a taxi after 2 years of use . this is a great investment and worth every penny for the upgrade from the i phone . replaceable battery and expandable memory just to start any comparison leave apple in the dust not to mention android 4 .   this phone works but it is not an unlocked phone . it does work and you could patch it with a custom rom but that kind of defeats the reason of buying an unlocked version . it is false advertising . i gave it 2 stars because the phone works and it was delivered quite fast  .   i purchased this item because it was certified by amazon but i was so disappointed to find out that the battery is useless  . i will not recommend this to anyone my battery gets flat less than 30mins and it take 24hours to charge . its really sad that i am not in american now i would have returned the samsung galaxy x3 . it's good i liked . it had water damage and was a european only version . since this is a product review, i feel bad giving a product a bad rating because of a bad personal experience based on the failure of the supplier, but i also feel that it needs to be known that you are taking the risk of getting a bad device by ordering it through this page . the one thing that it did state clearly on the box was, "european version only" in large letters, and then a long explanation about how the phone will only work with european sims cards . when i opened the box and got the phone out, the first thing i noticed was noticeable scratches on the case of the phone . the galaxy s3 may be a great phone; i don't know . i understand that a mistake can happen, but to advertize a used damaged product as "new in box", and then try to disguise it as a new product is outright lying and false advertizement . and this is not to mention the unbelievable stupidity of importing a phone to the us that can only be used in europe! i guess the person who packaged my phone must have been blind or something . sellers like this should be banned from selling on here, unless of course amazon does not care; in which case they can take part of the blame for my experience  . i'm so upset with the seller of this phone .   it is very disappointing that the phone was offered as new, but it is very clear that the phone is a refurbished(used) one . it even came with the screen protector(not the sticker of samsung) and clear marks that somebody had used it before . i really don't recommend this seller  .   i got this phone 4 months ago and eventually fell in love with it . it stopped without a warning  .  such a waste of money  .   excellent job . excellent product comes a time in excellent condition very responsible supplier, we recommend 100% what you for your kindness certify . i've always had cheap cell phones and i decided to finally step up and get a phone that had some memory for apps which is what i want one for rather than it's phone capabilities . i wanted to use the phone along with a good app to control my camera and this one looked like it would fit the bill . this is a really nice phone with a good sized screen for live view with the camera and the controls the app afford me . good buy . at&t had a couple of problems getting it to hook up to their network, but they finally got the job done at my local at&t store . the s4 had come out, but it was the s3 i wanted and i'm very happy with it  . this one is actually better than the first one, because the first one still had some locked features, while this one was totally 100% unlocked . works great with wifi and acts like a miniature computer great for someone on the go and can't pull out the other one to check emails regularly . as an english teacher in china, all the apps are great for helping me translate words or meanings that i would other wise need a clucking dictionary for . easy to use and unlike my previous 1st gen galaxy this version rarely leaves my hand when on the move .   i order an unlock phone and this phone was not unlock as it was advertise, i am not happy about that but other than that the phone is great . the phone does not work properly, is flawed reception, the people who call me can not hear me and hear delayed, is said to be a phone unlocked and at & t, does not allow updates from kies, so i have a old version of android, besides say it is a i9300 and sgh-i747 when connected appears, for these reasons i do not recommend this product  . i got this phone and i have it like 9 months and i am very pleased that is why i can recomend it to anyone who likes samsung . i trust the rating in amazon and brought a new samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300 factory unlocked phone from esaving . however it send me a phone that is used, broken and can start and shup down by itself . the experience is awful  . it ruined my day  . excellent quality to  . great functionality for an affordable price  .   my comments its what i expected so its completely satisfactory and serves my needs arrived on time and operating as expected nathan . everyone is raving for the samsung galaxy s4 but i chose this phone for pricing reasons . its been a good buy, the phone works excellent  .   this is the worst phone i ever bought . a big waste of my money  . and i didn't received any notification that it would be like that . i feel cheated and disappointed . and it hurt me 2 months . i do not recommend buying this product to the company  . received the phone on time, in sealed packaging, fantastic condition, and exactly as advertised, except for the small, but incredibly important fact that it was not, in fact, an international factory unlocked phone, but the at&t version . they are still getting three stars because this would be a fantastic buy for any at&t user, and because they have been very helpful and friendly in the way they handled my refund  . this was no mistake  .   it was cheating  .   you would improve you service on check the ware that you are selling, the phone came with defect on upgrade of software but it's ok . my husband loves his phone, battery last a lot and phone is super fast, he is an android guy and would buy it again . good cell phone, with excellent performance . i am very happy wiht them . good camera wiht good resollution and excellent photos  . till then i was fun cause i could use it . it is a great device . it didnt get 5 stars because some of the apps aren't available in my geographical area  . on raising a complaint i am getting poor response on this .   mad because i don't f  . it works one day only and the second day the screen was black . i am disappointed in the phone . thank you amazon . this particular version has a really good processor that makes it run smoothly with almost every app you get . i would definetely recommend it  .   excellent phone, very fast, perfect size, nice looking . cannot think about anything i do not like about this phone . even the price is good  .   they sold me a refurbished phone of course i should say after they take the responsibility but the damage was already made . the galaxy is the best phone on earth, i am an it person who works with all phones on daily basis  .   the samsung galaxy siii and s4 are the most powerful phone we've ever tested, full hd screen is the best in the business . its plastic construction is a drawback and some of you might find it complicated to use, but there's no question that it's a seriously it is an amazing phone  .   e phone- samsung galaxy s3- i received is not an original one, it came in a box, what is different from the original, it was some android box, it had unfamiliar chinese software on it and not those softwares the real galaxy comes, the picture quality is not good enough, less quality then an original has and when i tried to get a case for it, it did not fit . the phone did not came with the proper manual either . i feel i was deceived since there are many orders placed under my name i expected a more honest treatment . otherwise really enjoy it  . the seller global mobile was unhelpful and refused to replace the phone . after this experience i would not recommend anyone purchasing anything from global mobile  .   the phone is just the right size so far no complaints . working well no freezing . they worked out of the box, although they were in french and i had to change the language . then somehow lost their unlocked state after an ota update . i contacted the sellers and their best advice was to return it . i believe the inconsistent experience users are getting are because of different sellers than rotate on amazon . winda usa had the best experience for me  . every thing went well with no problems  .will recommend them to anyone  .   is not the best phone but the screen in perfect for people with thick fingers  .   is fast but not 4g in my area  . now i have submitted it at a samsung customer care center , but they are saying it will not work because it's motherboard was a faulty one and it will not work . my friends ordered the same from other sellers and that was working fine from them . i have lost all money because of this seller .   very good cel phone and it is exactly what i was waiting for . i am totally satisfied with this purchase  .   i love this phone . it works perfectly fine and the camera is really good . i am so happy to have it :) . bought this phone as a gift for my wife and boy did i hit the spot! she loves it  .   after my initial dislike (she paid that phone more attention in the first 48 hours than she paid to me), i started to see how practical the phone was for her  .   great buy . i have serious problems with my phone  .  and i also have problems when i want to update the system  .  it does not work  .   the phone is just amazing, it was reached to my place on time, i strongly recommended to everyone . i love this phone . works well with my carrier  . not one fault to this phone . - the charger cable does not work properly, i'm using my old samsung galaxy usb cable for that . pros: - the sensation of having a galaxy is pretty unique, way far better than apple  . i got it unlocked and t mobile gave me the right sim card . i do like this phone  . it came sooner than the expected time frame and ready to use unlocked and working nicely  .   was exactly what it said it was, came sealed brand new, all parts were included in the box, even the headphones, im happy with the purchase . i have contacted amazon, and hope they will honor their reputation, because worldwide distributors does not honor theirs . they did recognize that the product was misrepresented on the website, but don’t care about the customer! buy the phone, which is great btw, from a different distributor  .   great came as advertise works well up to now,only thing gets quite hot after long usage,& battery runs down fast other than that i love it . asavers sent me a package stating it contained model: gti93000, however, when i opened the back of the actual samsung galaxy siii, the label inside the phone cited sgh-i747 which is an at&t worldwide ready gsm phone programmed to operate on the at&t gsm network along with all the bloatware which comes with an at&t company contract phone . the tip off was the clear plastic protective cover which stated 'use the microsd card included in this box' and there was none . clearly this phone was unlocked, but it is absolutely not the 'international version' . i am writing this review as a warning to other customers so they may hopefully avoid this issue and be aware that some vendors are erroneously advertising their phone as the 'international version' . just because a phone manufactured for a usa company is considered 'worldwide ready' does not make the phone the same as an 'international version' which will not have the same crap ware/bloatware as the usa cell phone based phones being issued by usa cell phone companies . do not trust the outside box labels  .   dear, i am very disappointed about the cell phone i received . the phone does not work for network 3gsm as stated in the notice, it only recives 2g signal, and is very slow . i was unable to make it work, the phone is a bad product, it does not work, is not new, i want my money back please  . in a box with a broken seal . what a disappointment  .   worst purchase ever! i returned the phone because it has some things in chinese, and the worst thing is that it wasnt unlocked! i tried to send it to get unlocked but the versi'n was different and it wasnt possible to use the phone in ecuador   .   i even compare the batery size with other s3 that work perfect and this one was smallest! so i start wondering if the phone was a fake s3! anyways i returned it because it wasnt what i order and spected! you better think twice before purchase this! hope this is helpfull to someone . fully recommended, arrives in perfect condition, exactly as described, and as aparecee in the images . i'm from venezuela, and it works great, is released white   . very excited and pleased with this purchase . thank you   . the service and fast shipping were terrific . i wou;d recommend you consider this type of phone for overseas  .   i cant make upgrades and i have a problem with the delete key on the screen . my dad bought this for himself and he loves it lovrs it loves it . he cannot get enough of his gs3 . samsung is just amazing and amazon has a great shopping and shipping experience will definitely be shopping here again . the phone suddenly die after 6 months it turn itself off and never came back on, good thing the warranty work . this is a perfect phone for those that want an unlocked samsung s3 . here in venezuela i had no problems with the settings or anything about this excellent phone . i had to unlock it by my own to be supported in my country . i was lucky with the tutorials on youtube . update1: the at & t model sent turned out to be better than the international version, has more resources to use in apps . now i have a better phone than i expected . that he went up to 4 stars but by sheer luck of fate .1 was able to run high end games like gta3, gta vc, gta sa, dungeon hunter 4, modern combat 4 zero hour, need for speed most wanted, street fighter iv, anomaly 2 with no problem about insufficient resources  .   i got my phone for christmas which wss good but i got 1747 and i order a 19300 but the phone works good  .   the phone was not unlocked not work with any telephone operator . i liked it as it is . very fast and slim . excellent product  .   the phone is used! it was not a new phone! unacceptable! this is not a new phone at all! that is what i was expecting! it looks very old and damaged  .   the downside in this phone, is that i bought the international version, but all instructions are in french . taking that aside, i am happy with my phone  . i am trying to work with sim provided by the local israeli network provider and the phone is asking for a sim network unlock pin . i expect amazon to get involved to expedite/solve the problem - or refund my money  .   have problems, one would fault the screen and turns off when the other llamas, no sale as announces new equipment are refurbished . when the phone first came it looked as if it had been opened and new stickers had been applied but i need a new phone so i threw caution to the wind and opened it it worked fien at first but the battery life is terrible on this phone i assume they used cheap replacement batterys awful battery life only 4 hours after full charge with normal use . awful phone very disapointed . i'm having the hardest time trying to find a sim card that will actually work in the samsung galaxy s3 i9300 .   i received like many others the sgh - i747 and not the sgh - i9300 . i will be contacting the seller and will update with their answer about exchanging for the right model . buyer beware  .   product worked as expected . in general matters the phone works very well . it responded to all the tests of the genuine thing .apparently cheap samsung" clones" do not have widgets .   the samsung galaxy siii/s3 gt-i9300 is the same as all other s3 in term of design style size and all, but there must be something wrong with this particular one . everyone is saying the audio is very low on the receiving end which makes it difficult to hold normal conversation . i have the s4 active as my personal phone and my wife has a s3 for one year now and neither of us is experiencing any difficulty either way . i bought this unlocked international s3 version for a friend, it is beautiful but i am disappointed . i will not recommend anyone to buy this type of phone from this vendor again .   i was led to believe i would be getting the s3-i9300 as advertised . amazon is refunding the cost to buy the batteries but i live out side of the stated so i have been wasting money to clear items that dont work . i am beyond disappointed and i just give up i will just take it as a lost and learn from my mistakes . i am from panama and the cell doesn't work here . why did you send me the wrong item? cesar . the phone worked well for 4 months and then it went all bad  . then i realised that the international warranty thing was a big fat lie just to sell . and hence i am stuck with this unusable phone for over 3 months since i am not living in usa  . i noticed my samsung s3 unable to connect to samsung kies, i went to setting>about phone .13 user1@ubuntu#100 thu oct 25 12:12:12 cst 2012 (the part user1@ubuntu#100 is a dead give away this isn't original kernal version . another quick and easy way to verify if your s3 device is fake or genuine is to download an app "gs-iii identity" from google play store, open that app, if it showed no match next to board, product, and device then it is for sure a fake s3 .   i'll try to be as polite as i can and not swear like a pirate, but you guys really screwed me with this pone . the pone is dead! it's got something called sudden death or whatever, but the point is that you sent a pone that was not opperative at all . pie in the sky, the battery was useless! it worked for like a day and a half and then it was dead, too . i have no idea how amazon taints its name with hacks like this who would just con people with no remorse . thank goodness i could sell it for spare parts and could get most of my money back . i seriously warn you to stay away from this supplier because you'll just risk losing your money  .   i really like the phone, but the case came with a little pressure crack around the camera hole . also, the case's attaching mechanism has a flaw now (only a few weeks of use) and it pops up a bit, allowing for dust and sand and whatnot to enter . i am very upset with the product you sold me asavings, by 104-2903263-1585025 cheated because i bought the samsung galaxy s model gt-i9300 iii/s3 factory unlocked phone - international version (pebble blue) for $ 372 and what was my surprise to receive my package arrived was the chinese model samsung galaxy s iii i747 (pebble blue) from at & t without headphones to pass the phone to the date i made ​​my purchase cost more or less $ 327 .49, i am from venezuela and the procedure for devoverlo is very complicated so i recommend you do not buy with these people, consider them scammers . love this product it works fine . will recommend to anyone who wants to purchase one . awesome product .   mobile is an excellent consider it a powerful machine . i love galaxy s3 . this phone is advertised as a new one but all the accessories looks dirty and the headphone have an old-related yellow color . all the transparent sticker (for protection) have dirty in the gum surface . i expect it works with my carrier at least . i can open all my school documents, pdf, word, excel etc, i can go through the phone without any sticking . i just love it . the thelephone is a experience great fantastic . happy new year and merry merry christmas . the phone on itself has all the perks and computing power you need, yet it has been freezing and shutting down by itself (at least twice a day), since the very first day i took it out of the box  .   i ordered a refurbished phone from ephonics with some fear and trepidation . the reviews for refurbished phones include many that are apparently not as advertised, including purported chinese clones, us branded phones labeled as international, and phones with flaws that the seller will not replace or repair . when i went to the tmobile store to get my sim card cut for the phone, the phone worked right away . i had an s3 for eight months, but it was stolen just before christmas . i was afraid that i might be buying someone else's stolen phone if i bought another one on ebay or craigslist . the condition that the phone i bought was much better than the one that was stolen (i am hard on phones  .  ) and i am fairly confident that this phone was refurbished as advertised . i love having it with me when outside at sunset to capture brilliant skies (the colors seem a bit more vibrant than real life, but that saves "photoshopping" -it does consume batteries when you use it as a smart phone . after market batteries are very inexpensive and work well . -voice recognition works well in english and even in mandarin as a second language . i imagine this is true with other languages as well -the size works ok as a reader . i have a couple of bible apps with dozens of versions, as well as the kindle reader . it's convenient to have when i don't have my kindle with me . - i like being able to use google pinyin for chinese input . -there are hundreds of apps for android that you can customize your phone with to meet your needs - the build quality is solid and the phone has held up well . i haven't abused it, but i also haven't pampered it either . the interface seems fairly intuitive; i have been able to do all i have wanted to do . for me, it looks like the samsung galaxy siii phone i bought from ephonics is a winner . good luck! oh, btw, the phone i owned before i bought from a trusted friend who liked to have the latest and greatest phone and sold his unlocked tmobile galaxy siii after only six months when the new htc one came out . i didn't have another trusted phone with an unlocked phone to sell, so i bought mine from an amazon prime reseller  .   nice phone  . my wife liked it a lot . screen size is great too .   once i got to work and installed sim card the microphone is not working and i am in indonesia for several more months . it is dream coming true, there is nothing wrong about this phone . it shipped quickly, arrived brand-new in perfect condition, and was indeed unlocked . a few people got confused that it is an at&t locked phone because it comes with instructions to route your phone to at&t's data (the instructions for the other carriers are on their websites) but i can assure you, it's 100% unlocked . i use it with straight talk in the states and i have had no issues with it at all . it's also cheaper than buying an unlocked galaxy s iii in the states  .   excellent product would recommend, very good features, the phone is more than i expected, everything you could ask for in a cell  .   this phone delivers good comfort, ease of use, and long battery life . i gifted this phone to my mom she liked the features very much  .   the apps r good and its more user friendly  .   phone came quick and it is in perfect shape! best phone i've ever owned! i am probably a little addicted . great phone - better than iphone 5s . easy to use and very flexible to customize for my personal use . easy transaction and fast delivery  .   i needed a phone that has the latest technology, it is easy to handle, great, internet access and having camera  .   good buy! think i got a great phone, love the apps, love the size just perfect especially at the price i got it at  .   this phone is a dream, great, love it, very nice as described, i am very pleased with this beautiful phone  . as well, the phone is not unlocked, i can't used the internet service (an it was not a problem of my service provider, because i tried it in another phone and worked perfectly) . avoid buying this phone, it's not new or unlocked and it seems to be recycled or something like that . i will return it, but the problem is that i already payed the shipping and have to pay shipping to return it  . after some research i have found that this phone will not work in the us even though it is an "international" phone that is "factory unlocked" . i am very dissapointed  . i saw in the internet several people complaining about the same issue with this model of s3 (i9300) . its impossible to use the phone as a phone .   the phone is awsome, it has meet all my expectations! compared to my old htc this is a breath of fresh air  . the phone is fantastic, and the shipment came on time, but it didn't come with a screen protector (as listed) and most annoying of all, the serial number on the phone was not the serial number that came up when i installed the sim card from my service provider . it has many faults and will crack for any reason . same thing happened for one of my friend, do not waste your money, be careful  .   highly recommend this product fulfilled all my expectations in terms of quality and price is a great product i highly recommend great great great its a great cellphone''' its terrific many funtions . the galaxys3 is a great phone . but if your using it with straight talk you have to set up your apn settings this can be frustrating as some of the settings have changed with the new sim cards . i recommend it a 100% . the size is perfect  . my s3 is working very good and i am wondering if i can upgrade it with the s4 features? very good choice and would recommend it for everyone .   the phone is worth the price . i like the specs and it is durable . i also like the specs of the camera  .   after 8 months of having it, i must say it is the best smart phone i could hope for . the camera quality is it's best feature . for the price, is a great phone, and work in all operators of my country . my concern is that i have not been able to upgrade icecream sandwich to jelly bean . i don't know what is going wrong because i download the updates and it ask me to restart the phone and everything goes ok until adroid displays a red triangle error then it says your phone is up to date but when i go and check out it stills in 4 . if someone had the same problem please give me and advice . other than that the phone works great .   nice and fast shpping of the item and the phone is so amazing and fast that you can access to the internet without any problems . product is excellent, however i did receive a damage charger(usb) but i guess these are some of the risk when purchasing online . this is my first smartphone and i have to say it: i love it! user-friendly and with a lot of features, this is a awesome phone  . i is a good computer in my pocket . because i travel internationally, having one phone set that can operate on various mobile systems is important to me .   the phone was fine and it worked perfect but it came with root something in the future i could ocacionar warranty issues . i already had a samsung galaxy siii gt-i9300, bought in brazil, which i was quite satisfied with . however, the mini-usb connector, needed for charging it, developed a bad connection and i wasn't able to get it fixed . i bought this one on amazon, expecting it to be the same as the one i already had, however i found that there were several software problems, such as non-operational widgets, limited language support (it only came with keyboard support for english and chinese), which did not include brazilian portuguese, and now it quite often makes it difficult to make a simple call . beware of buying this phone from this dealer  .   big screem,good for watching movie,and make picture ,and the price is good too  .i like the screem  .   bad experience, does not work smartphones at & t data plan only with wi fi service at & t says 4g lte smartphones does not work, return the device, and i deducted $ 35 i guess for return policies, . an awesome phone that works as described . worked even in jamaica on their local networks .   great seller  . i had trouble w the chip, which is mini and different of what i had, but they were very nice to me and explained me what to do . great phone and it works great . thank you  .   dont trust him! this cellphone is supposed to be unlocked international but it's not  .   i absolutely loved my cell and you guys are awesome when it comes from your part! unfortunately, although my cell was in a premium leather wallet case , i dropped it today and while the glass didn't crack, the screen underneath the glass bled purple until i could no longer see the screen ! while the cell works i cannot use it .   i'd be lost without this phone it's like having a phone it's like having a computer in my pocket :d . best phone in the world .   it is so good as cellular that i, my son and wife have bought three samsung s4, and my daughter has a samsung s iii . an excellent purchase! i live in the bahamas and the phone works just fine and was in perfect condition . im not the type to leave comments but i thought i should because i know how uneasy it is to shop online . great buy everyone  . i would like to return this phone  . i purchased the samsung siii for my wife to use after unlocking a "straight talk sii and found the firmware to be proprietary and would not operate on any other sim card . the box was reported as having minor damage but not broken open when it was switched (by the mail department) to the fedex box . the phone is currently working well but when it was removed form the fedex box and then from the original ups box it was noted that the original factory seal was broken and inventory labels placed over the broken seal, making it appear to the novice that the box still had unbroken factory seals . once inside found the items not well packed (i . it is very noticeable since the fake has samsnug stamped on it instead of samsung . so i highly recommend you do not purchase from mobile brothers distribution  .   usually the phone get freeze after a while, but this phone started after only 3 hours the touch screen was not working   .  , i restarted and still got the same problem   .   after a week of using it, every time i turn it on it freezes after 5 sec . it didnt fell and i cannot use it  .   garbage phone  .   i had a gs3 before but i broke it . it also came with a wonderful wall charger and ear buds . i love the phone and i am very happy with the service i received, i see some reviews saying they didn't receive what they had ordered . i'm glad i didn't let that sway my decision to get it bc my order was perfect  .i bring it to he service and they claim they will try to fix and there is a risk that may phone can break down and will not open again .i am very upset and unhappy because of buying samsung from amazon  . positives - it is still fast, does not crash even if memory is almost full and i still like it . reading articles on this phone is way better than doing it on an iphone because of its longer screen and the picture quality while playing movies on netflix is okay . now the negatives - make sure to protect the phone's screen . it is prone to scratch very quickly . it could be a better product if the battery lasts longer  . she has used it for two weeks now and loves it . it does not come with the english manual but i got her the great book that is available through amazon called my samsung galaxy s111 paperback by steven schwartz, for $18 . this book is amazing, has over 550 pages, large book size, great pictures . so don't be afraid to get the international phone, it comes with all the special plugs etc  .   not unlocked phone when in brazil it did not work although i went to a official samsung place . i am very sad because i received a china s3 samsung galaxy cell phone with a camera that doesnt work . i paid almost 400 hundred dollars for a cell phone that is not the original one, don't buy to small sellers  .  they stole your money . super fast shipping and the phone is in tact and all as expected :) love it  .   (can't tell if it is actually international or not, but that is not important for me) . the seal looks a little fishy, like it was broken but someone sticked another seal on the broken one . but everything that came, came in french, including the phone's default language, so i had to change it, no big deal though, since you can find the user manual on samsung website . the phone, as most phones do, came with a bunch of rubbish apps that can't be deleted (unless you root it) . everything seems fine to me, except for some reason i can't update my android . overall a worthy buy . i owned an exhibit ii but its battery started swelling and the phone is getting too annoyingly slow, so i bought this s3 with $400 . the screen resolution is so much higher, and i love the big screen . btw the phone is very light, even lighter than then smaller exhibit ii . for those who complained about its "cheap plastic cover", i don't think that is cheap plastic, i think the material is chosen for its low weight . it came with a samsung earphones, which is not bad (worth more than $10) . it's easy to use and there are lots of utilities: compass, flashlight, alarm clock, calculator, gps, maps, email, radio, mp3 and video player, etc  .   good product,it is a good product complies with all the features expected and cost-benefit ratio . i recommend it to people who want to buy . before i review the phone, i would like to address the bait and switch that seems to be going on . i purchased this phone from a vendor that was fulfilled by amazon, thinking i should be able to trust that vendor . the protective sticker on the screen even said quad core . knowing i need a phone, they issued a refund and gave me 30 days to send the crap i bought back . neither one of these are available for the us models . if you are considering purchasing this phone, thepowersellers will not rip you off . great vendor! now the phone . i have seen some people claim it's a cheaper version because it's the international version . s-voice is a great tool . the camera is amazing for a phone camera . i can't say a lot more as i haven't had it long enough to explore all the features myself . this is a great phone so far . **update 12/4/2013 i have received an email from mobile brothers stating that they did not sell the wrong item intentionally . they seem pretty sincere and due to a couple facts i believe them . the box was factory sealed, as best as i can tell . the protective sticker, as i stated before said quad core . it would almost seem that the fault lies with samnsung itself . while i know that some vendors are dishonest, i would like to think the majority of them are honest . and my apologies for any trouble i might have caused them as it would seem they sold the item in good faith  . this is about everything i need and the best feature is the apps that it can support  .   i was disapointed with the phone i recieved  .it was impossible to download a keyboard in hebrew but it came many other languages i didn't need . i tried to upgrade the version ,it didn't work it crushed during the process . i'm owner of one pebble blue s3 i9300, everything was fine, but 2 months and half, touch buttons stop to work, the phone doesn't have warranty, and in one phone service shop i pay 20$ to repair it, and 10 days later buttons again stop to work, this is the problem of mine, but everything another is okay - it's onlock, it's i9300, was in perfect condition - like from store brand new . peoples, you must to know, for this money, do not expect too much, if someone want to be like in store, to have warranty and to be unlock go in store and pay 100 dollars more :) . give it three stars cause of delivery was on time and packaging was ok, could of been a smaller box doh . but beware cause the samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300 factory unlocked phone - international version is not unlock . the phone would only ask for sim network unlock pin, note that this is the region lock and not your actual sim card pin, if enter too many wrong numbers you are looking for more trouble with the phone . i give it three stars also cause i had to pay $50us for it to get unlock which was nearly impossible to unlock, after unlocking the phone the phone works great . it is a really cool phone to have .   i have used it for only less than three months, and i protect it very carefully while using it  . however, it suddenly got broken yesterday .   i'm sure the phone would have worked just fine but i was looking for a phone that works on verizon networks . the company promptly provided me with a refund after deducting a $25 . no issues with the company but the information could have been more clear about which networks the phone will work on  .   i am upset with this phone because i didn't even get a chance to use it . the description clearly states unlocked international version . i am mad as hell because i was very excited about the s3, but was shocked and disappointed when i could not get it to work . it hangs a lot poor quality, although international warranty helps . over all battery life is good aneroid upgrade is also a pain . fast and easy just what is expected every thing was great will keep shopping and will have my friends and family do the same . used product it shows as used and not in good conditions missing parts such as simple wall charger did not appear as in the advertise picture . you can't go wrong with this phone! it does what ever you need it to do plus a whole lot more! love it  .   very nice phone, it comes with a european charger that has an adapter plub (one plug slips over the other) for north america . other than the inconvinience of a slightly bulky charger, it's a great phone at a great price . beautiful screen and feels very solid and well made . samsung has created another top of the line androind phone  .   great phone! bought it for my girlfriend and she loves it . only thing made me worry was the "sudden death" issue with the i9300, but i still got it . make sure you read up on the "sudden death syndrome" (sds) and updating to firmware 4 .2+ (mg4), since i made a wrong choice updating to 4 .   my husband wanted a small cell work and practice so that you buy and qye mimi is practical and important for me is that my husband and i feel good buy . this was the worst phone ever for the price . dont waste your money  .   this is international which means it is a cheaper and inferior samsung 3 which is being marketed overseas where there is no 4g lte  . 3 mounths after buying it just start the problems   .   i just went dead and then start working again and keep acting like this (i almost go crazy)   .  i sent to assitance and first they say it was virus, then it was the power cable, then was the battery problem   . anyway the phone is not working right now and i lost my patient and i am buying the nexus 4 and try it  .   the phone is damaged, have problems with the software, does not work, can not be used since it performs the functions of the phone, the phone is hung, suspended, frozen screen  .   best phone i had so far . great screen, light, so easy to use, really frendly phone . really recomend it to everyone .   i only had my phone for 6 months and my button dont work and you guy can't be contacted and help me fix the problem and i'm being give the run around and in the being the phone had little glitches in it and i inorged it but now its worst and i need to fix it on my own an i can't even get the manufacturer warranty and i'm screwd and the phone is not even from here so the stores is telling me they can help me you people are no good and new you were selling defective phones . i would not recommend you buy from this store . due to their failure in their operations  . the microphone doesn't readily appear like some of the other samsung phone i have had .   the screen is freeze ＜ power cant turn on ＜happen like this everyday＜bad phone＜iphone！ better then this garbage ！ ！ . i love android, but dislike touchwiz (samsung's version of android) . for any of you out there who is deciding to buy this, ditch touchwiz and install a custom rom, its more stable and uses less ram/you can use more apps on your device . {bought item in october 2013} after 1 month use it constantly restarts in french instead of english like i set it up it should . {edit 12/26/13} okay, i had resolved this issue by resetting and also flashing a custom rom to this phone, this phone is the best for any sort of modifications needed for show and to make your friends or co workers jealous about your galaxy s3 . with the note 3 + gear came out, you can download 3rd party apps to have the note 3 and s4 like features on your s3, and as for the gear, i have conformed that the latest os of the galaxy s3 is compatible with the galaxy gear if anyone is interested (android 4 .4 kitkat to make everyone envy about my android . with all that said, i use my galaxy s3 everyday and i would like to say that with this phone you won't have to buy any other sort of entertainment system for about 2 years .   nice phone, works with t-mobile very well . battery life much better than galaxy 2 . only gripe is it freezes occasionally . otherwise great phone  .   i purchased this phone and within 7 months it stopped working completely it was charging and after that it just blanked off and never came back on mind you it never fell or got wet, i took it to fix and the technicians said it cannot be fixed because its a software problem with this specific phone very disappointed with .   sometimes is hard to connect internet by wi-fi and sometimes impossible . battery turn-off saving, mostly, help me with this problem in united states .   it seems an excellent phone . it has very good applications, it is very light and very fast connected with the internet . did not like the phone . it's brand new as described, loves it, works perfectly and it is absolutely a very nice looking phone, it's functional and it has a very high quality screen . absolutely recomend this phone is a fine piece of art  . good and no problem and the product is at goog sheip works well and i hope to bue very good staff from your sid3e as per normal . i switched from iphone to this phone, and i love it! it has way more features than even the new iphones and the bigger screen is also very nice . it was easy to set up with a t-mobile sim that i bought at wal-mart . this phone was so much cheaper than anywhere else (best buy, radio shack ect  .  ) i was originally reluctant to buy it because i thought it would be a fake . but this phone does not support 4g lte like the i9305's they sell at stores, but i don't even have lte in my area so for 200 dollars less it wasn't a big trade off . it's an awesome phone for a great price and i would definitely recommend it to a friend  .   the phone started lagging about a year after purchase . there are just better and cheaper phones out there .   its just att version not the quad core not even warranty available for this crab . i love this phone enjoying it to the max after i got my sim to micro size i am busy using it now love it love it . this was a gift for my wife and now she is very happy with the mobile phone because it has better performance her old mobile phone  .   i loved my phone, unfortuntately it stopped working one day, i have read in many sites and reviews that some of this phones got some damaged chips that would cause this sudden death . samsung was reliable enough to fulfill the guarantee, as amazon was as well, so i would feel safe in buying another one .  but that was ok thou its nice to have a galaxy now . i thought i would get a lemon but this is the real phone . i found no appreciable difference in speed . certainly worth the price saving . the s4 is a better phone technically but it is a little to big . the s3 is just the right size . i don't know how they can sell it so cheap but i just got mine .   i love everything about this phone . if ur looking to buy one please don't wait, just get and u will be glad u did  .   i love it i've bought for friends also . quite good so far . i've also made recommendations and i've had several requests  .   was listed as very good condition . i was disappointed when i received my phone . it works good, but had a lot of dents and scratches, and the screen has a small burn in the center of it . this is not the definition of very good condition  . so i'm happy with my purchase, but wasn't surprised with the phone's limitations and the cellular climate where it's used  .   excellent smartphone . easy to use . this was a birthday present for my 14 years old daughter and she loved it .   works perfect with my metro pcs account . the phone works as advertised, it is unlocked but not jailbroken, no problems at all  .   works perfect with my metro pcs account . the phone works as advertised, it is unlocked but not jailbroken, no problems at all  .   this was a perfect gift for a dear friend of mine, it was an awesome present and they loved it thanks to you, it came in one piece :-) . not a good phone compare to what i had before . i had siii and this phone looks like a fake, poor quality phone . if i was there i would've send it back right away  .   good product, nice price , works great & arrived on time .   is the best cellular phone have never owner, is easy, friendly, more functions, the only problem is the battery need more live time . its ok, it did not have a micro-sim card so unable to make calls . disappointed with my purchased . too bad love samsung galaxies . very satisfied and happy with the purchase of this product! i totally encourage shoppers to go for it  .   ordered the phone for my daughter and she loves it . the price was great and am using it internationally and works perfect  . the phone it self looks great but if i can't charge it . hello i just received this phone and im loving it to max .   excelent phone  . works great  .   really happy to have made the change  .   i like this phone and the seller is trustworthy, new piece, no problem, i would recommend to anyone, happy ending, but this is 3g not 4g, make sure there are different speed limit, just for informations  .   although i am first time user of the android phone , i research a lot before buying this set , i think i am right with the reveiws guided me well  . it is very user friendly and guide me all the time to the proper way . but the only problem is the battery that burn out within one day  .   s3 great phone, bought it used . got phone went to activate it, could not still activated, somewhere! i all i wanted was working phone i could use, seller did give full refund but i am still without working cell phone, guess my fault trying to save money  .   it met my expectation and i can recommend it to others . i wish it was cheaper though - the price i paid is equal to buying the phone from at&t  .   i bought this unlocked international phone and it was dead within seven months . its body is very thin, very light, suitable for my hand . appearance beautiful line .big screen, i like to use it to read a book,fingers, however, often can touch the two return key and function keys below, so that has to look at .uk refused to repair my phone since i live in u . i spent countless hours trying to get my phone fixed, but i made the huge mistake to spend a lot of money on a defective phone without any type of warranty coverage . wolrdwide distributors is a a fraud and their team is very rude . do not buy this phone from them or any expensive electronic  .   good product! fast process four core! battery long duration, according to specification to manufacturer, i recommend this product . good price  . when i opended th phone and started to check it out, the battery cover has a scratch a the protective plastic cover was removed and re attached .   let me check if the phone works  . this is just a joke as a seller, i bought two of this phones, and they both have the same characteristics . i buyed the phone but u will send me a samsung galaxy s3 mini-not what i want and u take more money of my card like if i was purchase siii/s3 gt-i9300 . phone was delivered promptly and was as factory unlocked as described . worked perfectly on my 3g and 4g network . would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a similiar unlocked device  .   i heard nothing bad about samsung before, thats why i ordered one . and what should i say, definitly nothing bad  .   the phone kool, i am dissapointed that the s3 that i got didnot have a fm radio, and the os is not updating . well it's a really good phone work great is faster and the best of this is the screen is really great and clear cut  . the manufacture seal was broken and i can't accept it . i am returning the phone, unfortunately  .   great phone, great camera! great wifi connection to internet no matter where you are . love the big screen .   i bought the unlocked intl version and i had no problems whatsoever  .   great phone . works perfectly in venezuela . loved it from the first second i got it . highly recommend it . the samsung galaxy s iii is the ideal smartphone . it's stylish, durable, fast and tech savvy . the international unlocked phone is great  .  it works perfectly with my local (bmobile) sim card . i recommend the supplier, fgs trading inc . for supplying quality products with prompt delivery  . this made me a little nervous once it had been shipped . so far, there is no problem at all . the sim is smaller than the us version . i like the phone very much so far . the keyboard is easy to use, the back cover snaps off and on easily . i like the weight and the way it feels  .   great phone, it worjed very well snd happy to have it so happy . i am glad that i bought it . great smart phone . if you prefer android this phone is one ofvthe best .   i totally recommended this 'tem, it works for any phone company in venezuela, it's fast and s'per comfortable, its camera is really cool . i would recommend this product to any one, read quick start manual at this time i do not have required micro sim card to check phone operations and use,the shipment was longer than stated shipment date item was lost in shipment after speaking to company another phone was sent while investigation is made as to what came of the phone . i love the phone but was not verizon comparable . i wasted a lot of my time trying to conect and dint work . there was not enough information all fine prints . it sucks  . i love every aspect of it, it's very fast the ui is very user friendly and i enjoyed using it  .  except for the awful battery . when they answer my emails it's always asking me what's wrong like i haven't told them a million times and asking for my order id number that i have also sent a million times . i am so frustrated with this company and this phone's battery . all i'm asking is for a device that works the way it's supposed to . i am giving this a bad rating not because the phone sucks, but because the seller does  .   phone is awesome  .   perfect considering i didn't pay a huge amount for it  .   i would certainly recommend this phone for everyone . i hope keep's working perfectly well . i'm so happy with my samsung glaxy s3, it's in excelents conditions, that's new . i recommend this store . i'm so happy  .   i bought the phone a few days ago, it was not an international version, and it didn't work in my country, it said it was for europe only  . but it didn't work on my carrier . so now i am stuck with a brand new phone that cost me $400 + that i have no use for and cannot sell to my friends or family, because they have the same carrier as myself . needless to say i will not be buying a phone from this seller again . i felt that the lack of empathy towards my situation and overall disregard for the customer was enough for me to look elsewhere when online shopping  .   bought this phone for my daughter and she loves it . she is having a great time learning all the features and thinks the camera is the best one she has had so far  .   it is a really good smartphone . the only bad about it is that the battery does long much . it has a big screen, that is why  .   i am very disappointed because the phone is locked for my country and i have to pay a lot of money to unlock it  .   these people sell cell clones koreans are not original care these people are con artist, reading the comments is scam when trying to update them will say that is an aftermarket phone . the exterior of the phone was in perfect conditions, just like new but i had to change the battery 'cause it didn't work  .   it talks, surf and also take excellent pictures . personally, i like the photos more than the ones that i take with my iphone 4, 5 . i recommend this product, and my only concern is about the os . android, ok it good enough and have a lot of nice tools .   it is a perfect phone meets all expectations, the tools of visualization, communication, games, social networking, the operating system is very fast, the quality and speed of the camera is great . i highly recommend it  . since i started to use faults introduced to charge the battery and after 3 weeks of use, damage completely .   waste of money  .   i got an iphone after a cheap android and could not handle the switch . the iphone is attractive and has high-quality hardware and feel, but i really do think the android software is better as long as you mind taking the time to get it set up -- and this will require you to be something of a sleuth to uncover all the apps and user forums that will enable you to get things running just as you want them to . once done however, that's the big draw (to me) of having an android phone -- it will run the way you want it to, . iphones just do as apple tells them and if you want something different, well, tough toenails! a few pros and cons about this phone: -- setup and syncing are not perfect with an iphone either . having said that, like i said already, you will have to put a lot of effort into getting an android phone the way you want it . especially if you are technologically challenged like me . this is great if you ever have important information in there that you need to look up via computer or if you have to change phones . -- ease of use, for example the "back" button is hard-wired into the phone so in any app it's in the same place . it's not any heavier than the iphone and although it's skinner, the length and width are so big that a number of accessories can't accommodate it (so far i have had that experience with car stereo hookup devices and non-armband pockets/holders for the gym) . this is due in part to my keeping it in a water-resistant ballistic case, but let's face it, at $300+ you wouldn't want anything bad to happen to it so i don't feel like i have any choice . at least you will always be able to find it in a purse, but just be aware that your iphone friends will pick on you for dragging half a laptop computer around! -- by far my biggest problem with this phone has been how freaking difficult it has been to get music transferred from my mac computer/itunes to the phone  .   i finally got isync to work, but on some forums they claim that it is a known issue that the galaxies unmount micro sd cards all by themselves and then the data on the cards is lost forever . then upon trying to actually play them, i would get an error message saying that the file type i was trying to play was not supported, which is interesting because i converted all of the songs to mpeg audio format before i put them on my phone, just to be safe . thank goodness i finally realized that all of these problems are probably stemming from the manufacturer, not by my phone itself, so now i can try to get things resolved through the seller of the $20 sd card instead of the seller of the $300+ phone . -- the phone supposedly has a known issue with some exfat external ed cards unmounting themselves; it is not clear what, if anything, samsung plans to do to fix this . >:( -- the siri equivalent doesn't work too well (runs through google), although i never could get siri herself to do much either so i suppose this should be counted as a tie between the two . -- the battery seems to die a lot quicker, even from a full charge . i apologize for this review being so long and mostly pointing out the benefits and drawbacks only of android vs . however, i have never owned a smart phone before so i wouldn't be able to make a similarly detailed comparison between them . i do know that the galaxy and the htc one are probably the top most popular choices and i'm thinking there must be some pretty good reasons for that! anyway, i am happier with mine than i was and i am glad the card problem didn't originate with the actual phone . wish me luck and try a galaxy yourself -- you might like it too  .   i would recommend this product . the only thing is that it doesn't work on 4g just in 3g . as a result, the phone had a poor screen resolution and a very poor camera performance and a lot of bugs in applications .2 firmware version the phone died and was very hard to discover why . the phone works fine with its original sgh-i747 firmware and don't understand why they changed to gt-i9300  .   exellent thanks very good cellphone my friend ! i don`t know so much english jeje  . thank you this program work for what i needed . i want to thank the agent for helping me save money  . none the less, the phone was in excellent condition and its working just fine . the price of it was lesser than found on most sites, so i was a bit concerned about its quality, but i am totally satisfied with the service  . great disappointment   .   compre el samsung galaxy s3 gt-i9300 quad core nuevo y me enviaron otro modelo diferente el galaxy s iii /sgh i747 dual core sin caja sin accesorios y sin manuales . not cool  .   it found the first time because defective and with root permission .   it's very well it's new phone i like it very much thanks give me a nice phone ! !   . i like the white color .2 is awful   .   construction was okay and there were no dents , scratches or marks on the unit  . battery life is poor  .have to charge it every day which is ridiculous ( forget about the myriad of so called battery saving apps in the android marketplace they do not work ) .   it is good fast response and easily usable . he loves it and it works great . he now prefers it over the i-phone  .   supplier did refund my money minus shipping which was fair, but the unlocked description was confusing for us, a verizon customer . supplier was courteous and fair . we had a little misunderstanding when unit was returned that it wasn't in original packaged condition (stickers were off, cords weren't wire tied, etc ., but we worked through that . it died of a (now documented) sudden death after the amazon return period . this was a rip off of over $500 and amazon will not help .it wouid be best if amazon refused to sell samsung products . the problem i had is also with the vendor, blutekusa . they do not care if the items they sell have no warranty, nor do they trouble themselves to alert potential buyers to this fact; blutekusa did not: (1) advise purchasers in the u . that because this was not an item supported by samsung usa that there was no warranty that comes with the product (2) that a third party warranty was available .com that provides excellent service to its customers, would remove blutekusa from its companies that make products available on the amazon site . some have worked with samsung in the czech republic, italy, germany, and numerous other destinations . we cannot take responsibility for an item purchased so long ago as we do not get anything to uphold other companies' warranties . there was no water damage when the phone left my possession but that was their reason to void the warranty . so, i do understand your frustration and there is a manufacturer that backs us to uphold their warranties but, unfortunately, samsung does not . we are very sorry for any issue this may have caused you but please feel free to contact us if you have any other questions or concerns ." would not it have been nice to have been advised that there was no warranty on this product if purchased in the us, but third party warranties were available? nice of the representative to slam motorola without documentation .   the next big thing is already here, got this for the girlfriend, she doesn't really like all these gadgets like me, but lives this phone and feels like she is a whole new world after moving from an iphone 4, would not change it for anything else . the phone was in great condition but part of the package was that it would come with the charger but it didnt it came with the old ipod charger instead  .   excellent product, the product is as it as it was published, i had no problem with it and it works great, just had to putting on the sim card, fully recommended, no complaints, thank you very much . excellent product . great attention by the seller . recommended widely . completely satisfied with the purchase . was the best choice that i made  .   good product i recommend it and i will buy again to him   .   its one of the better phone that i had its a same product that the samsung 4 but its better price . it's my first android and so far its working perfect, i was a little nervous because i'm in venezuela but it's working just fine  . now i'm happy and can move to any carrier . only thing got concern is, when i open it first time saw some asian language settings . other than that everything is good  .   i loved this cellphone, it's amazing . it has multiple functions an wonderful apps to download . it's my first time with a samsung cellphone, but i really like it  .   nice phone, exactly as new as brand new one .   it's amazing, its form factor, the big bright screen, the battery life  .   but i noticed it gets kinda slow when there are a few apps runnin at the same time, it didn't happen to me with my iphone 4s  .   i got the phone after 24 hr, brand new, working fine outside the us , no problems at all . good deal  .   i feel totally ripped off, the phone is repaired and sell it at a high price, the phone i received powder gets to the screen, you will damage the load pin is totally an abuse because in any momeno specify that the phone is repaired . this seller should get out of here because it leaves very badly amazon . you do not respond or give guarantees, is a total abuse  .   it's one of the best cellphones i've ever had it's bigger, faster, more comfortable and very easy to use i recommend it for those who love technology . buy back have no trademark, is an engineering machine, the screen is very rough, i cheated, i will sue them this joint  .   good friend i have tremendous shipping with the purchase i made the samsung galaxy that was supposedly released and new to me is rebuilt and not connected to internet says something at&t why? have software that is not published in the article i could not use the phone because of you that i sold this product q is released and comes with root which ustede downloaded it to free venezuela'm losing money, annoying and without having someone make a formal complaint   .   i bought this cell phone for my grile frend she love it works great for here it is get every thing you need on it  .   i received a celular not genuine because i checked it by imei that is a brand nokia model 1661 .   it's a great cell phone, great pictures, i recomen to anyone, its easy to use . i am very disappointed and upset about this . please give feedback if any thing can be done to rectify this matter  .   i really like this purchase . i recommend to more people . thank you for all  .   overall i love the phone . very easy to use . only downfall is the crappy battery life, it needs to be charged daily  .   absolutely loving it! still getting used to the size because i have small hands . just the right colour size and has all the features i would want in a smart phone i might want to upgrade to an s4 jus for the additional features  .   product had great appearance, worked as expected . since it is 'international' version, it does have a tendency for insist on metric system, i do well with both metric and imperial options  .   love it   .   no issues at all thus far, has great memory a great camera and runs smoothly in terms of ram and games . the phone works perfectly in belize and it is easy to activate and understand . i am very comfortable using the phone  .   i certainly would recommend this product for the price . not bloatware on it ,sleek fast light . only thing i would say is get a good case , so it doesn't slip . love the big screen and bright colors . very fast shipper  .   very happy with the samsung s3 both in terms of functionality, phone quality, camera qualitym and its large screen, very happy we purchased it at amazon for a fair price . ok so i received this phone this morning and i expected to get a phone exactly like the one i have  . front camera is horrible and the oled screen it claims is not oled . i really feel like i should have only paid 200 bucks for this fake thing .   the only reason i am keeping this is because im tired of looking for phone but i advise you not to buy this phone from this seller  .   excelente producto rapido en envio por liberty express a venezuela y barata y en atencion excelente, lo recomiendo excelente calidad . i suspect that this is not a genuine samsung galaxy s3 . beware  .   bought this for my sister loves her phone no complaints on it and it is nice in white but i like the black better which is the one i have . i have been using this phone for about 3 weeks not and i love it! it came exactly as described and on time . the phone has a great camera and a great screen  .   i have had no problems with this smartphone after 3 weeks of use, it works really well, met my expectations in terms of battery life camera functionality, size, fit etc . the phone was delivered as was promised  . however is was advertised as having 16 gb of built in storage but the product came with only 11 gb and this was very disappointing   . its the best seller i ebay i love it my new phone galaxy s3 .9! this version is not a real licensed android version! make sure you don't buy a fake phone and have to waste your time *trying* to get it returned . for the additional $60 for the phone plus $40 of sales tax for $100 total more, it was worth it to me to get the u . it was so fast (next day delivery) . on top of that, i'm happy that i have decided to purchase this one . samsung s3 won my heart . i love it and i have unlimited option with this unlocked phone . it's perfect for my lifestyle  .   -after 4 months the usb port stop working and the phone is not under warranty by samsung and is really hard to get it fix . the phone is not good, they send me a good battery for s3 but the phone is a fake, because it doesn't have the same place for battery like one real, and now they don t answer to me . i am happy that it is working and all, i have already 2 originally from t-mobile, but needed another for my other line when t-mobile was by 2 contract but not anymore but still cheaper . i did get lucky in this one, it works  .   just the bad thing about it is that it was not unlocked as it stated  .  and the other, the battery dies really quickly in use, but fixed that, purchased a new one at a real store,t-mobile =) other then that i cannot complain about the phone, works great so far  .  just wish it was unlocked, oh well  . i "kinda" would recommend this simply because you do not get what they say you will  .   in the publication was saying that hera a samsung galaxy s gt-i9300 iii/s3 and sent me samsung galaxy s sgh-747i iii/s3 hera not what promised in the publication . would not recommend it . not as fast as i expected it to be  .   i am happy with the phone but it did not come with english instructions and i was not able to obtain any when i called samsung  .   i wrote a bad review a few days ago, and i was wrong . the bad phone came from another vendor (it was junk!) . this phone works well so far . quite happy with it . my apologies for the mistake  .   this is a great phone but they sent me the at&t version of this phone not the international one as they promise in the description  .   excellent cell phone just what i needed very comfortable! i get very good condition at the agreed time and this seller is highly recommended purchase is secure! recommend it . i like it . it's cool  .   after debating for months, i decided to go for the samsung galaxy iii and i'm not sorry for even one minute . the camera's photos come out bright and sharp and the video has excellent sound as well . the minor drawback is that it the screen is a bit large and doesn't easily fit into a pocket  .   the smartphone is a proven and excellent performance, just the right size to not be uncomfortable . the only unfortunate thing is that i get my hands to open box without memory 16 gb micro sd . i feel so disappointed and cheated  .   the features are amazing  .   camera is my fave  . is this what they mean by an "international version"? i thought i could buy with confidence since this is fulfilled by amazon, but obviously there is no quality control and amazon just stores and ships what ever junk they get sent  .   the product presents size, design and functionality very good and the negociation and shipment is accordingly to informed! as a suggestion, this required field should be smaller and more friendly  . dear all, i bought this cell phone but i got shocked when i opened the box , the battery doesn't fit in phone , then i decided to buy another battery , another big shock is , i did not find any battery at battery shops , the seller said you must request it from amazon , i bought 3 battery for same model gt-19300 , but also doesn't fit , now i have owned this fake phone for 3 weeks , what should i do , can i return it back and i get my money back   .   excellent, on time, product the pone works well, everything ok,im very satisfied with tis purchase, highly recommended for all those who want a high level cell phone . run in many countries, unlocked version is real, it works soft and easy in our country . android system runs ok and it is better than bbz10 and samsung sii . it was easy to track and very professional packaging . nothing to complain about . good job .   it just awesome  .   i just love it  .   this is a very good item, will recommend to anyone that i talk to on the internet or face to face . i have 2 major issues with this phone . not able to have data plan for this phone, the at&t guy said that this phone is not compatible with data plans . one more issue i noticed is it is not allowing to upgrade the software  .   tgu enterprise sold me a fake phone . so far i havent had any issues with this phone  .   best bang for your buck, great phone great performance and just updated it to android 4 .2 now it's even better  .   the cellphone is amazing, easy to use, modern, resistant and with a beautiful design . i loved also that is not a heavy phone . the updates and the software in general is very fast to easy to do ti . i'm not in us, and even in this situation, when i needed assistance to solve a doubt about the version provided of this device, the on the go solution did an exceptional customer attention and showed total accountability to help me . that is the best experience that one customer can have, and the telephone also, i love it  . that is to much money to spend on a defective product like that one  .   is that this phone is simplely wonderful jaja   . i liked it very much, it is just as i expected . i'm satisfied with the product . i will continue to enjoy it  .   this is not a gt- i9300, this seller it's taking us for fools! (no es un gt-i9300, este vendedor no est' tomando por idiotas!) don't buy this if you don't want to have issues and problems! i'm an engineer and i assure you all that this is not an original gt-i9300, it's just a sgh-i747 .   it's just false advertising  . the phone works beautifully . great reception, great picture! no problems whatsoever! kudos for samsung! i'll definitely get their products  .   i loved the phone! it was just what i was expecting! muito bom! podem confiar que o servi'o vale a pena  . i chatted with amazon that recommended to find out a solution with samsung . i also tried to a generic service center to test it, that gave me a feedback the device is damaged externally in the case . i am sure i unpacked correctly and never damaged it .   this phone is great perfect in every way possible i have the phone in jamaica and everything works well on my lime network . absolutely no regrets in buying it im in love . perfect phone it is international and it is unlocked . it was good until last week (august 10) the screen didn't light up any more . brought to the repairing shop and they said this was factory fault that they had seen in some s3s before . after getting a reply saying "you bought this phone from may, what do you want us to do at this point?", i clearly stated my problem, how specific the phone's defect was, and that i wanted to trade another well-working phone .   truth is, phone works well, but it came with a preloaded video, disgusting and degenerate, not even porn, worse, unhuman things, some people may find it funny, i don't know, but i bought a new unused phone and instead, i received a loaded phone, with disgusting videos, and i wonder everyday what would had happened if the phone was a gift for my daughter and she saw that disgusting video of nude people doing disgasting things i should not explain on this review . it is not convenient, had to lean how to use it compared to an apple product . unfortunately it is too late for me to return it . s3 is still a wonderful option for a reliable phone with wonderful features . the price was nice and the phone was delivered on time and unblocked as promised  . very low quality body (very sensitive) its having good software features and technology . comparing to all features its expensive  .   this s3 is bigger (but don't heavier), faster than s3 i owned . in use, it worked very well  .   this product with very good and much more features and a easy keyboard to send a text . i loved this product . this phone works great no issues, good battery life and i truly love that i can connect to any network with this unlocked version . be aware! these are fake samsung phones . the guy told me that it's original but he sent me a fake one .   i am very satisfied with the product, samsung gt-i9300 galaxy s iii/s3 is excellent, the product is very original, the package arrived in good condition  .   i am pleased with my phone . i have a serious problem with the carrier's delivery .   this is good  .   i love this phone . and i will readily recommend it to anybody . i think the price too is good  .   i love my this marvel! is like having a powerfull machine in your pocket . the best cellphone out there right now (except for the s4), without doubts   . it is impossible to bring it back to the original setting . i'm happy with how amazon is dealing with the situation but awfully disappointed with the seller  .   `veryh great awesome perfect cell phone that is at the edge of the technology it's was all as described and went fine . i am not really a cell phone person and prefer to communicate with people face to face . well the phone has the ability for me to achieve this . is is lightweight and easy to use . glad i made the purchase  .   it was for the first time that i did not pay enough attention to the reviews for this seller and "was happen also to me" . i received a fake product . it did not work ok from the start but did not realize that is a fake samsung . i send back and the story has a happy end - i received back all the money from amazon  . contacted the samsung usa and they would not honor the warranty . i looked at the previous reviews and found 110 previous reviews with the same complaint  .   the phone is very slow, there is a problem when we try to call because it doesn't get tone . unhappy  .   samsung galaxy s iii phone is the best i ever had . easy to use, efficient, very good price . ok, so upfront i must admit i have not had a smart phone before & many people gave me grief & would 'needle' me at work . this phone is absolutely & utterly amazing  . i took several photos today & the quality of the camera alone is astonishing  .   excellent 100 x 100 percent recommended and responsible  .   very good product, it works very well . it is easy to use and has high function . very good, i like it  . i tried unlocking it but they hid it from me pretty good . dont fall for there rouse like i did  .   phone work great awesome i um very please technology you got to love it i um very please with this piece of equiptment . the only thing that bothered me is that it comes rooted . this is a problem because if something happens with the phone the warranty from samsung is not valid . it is also a problem because you cannot make a software update . aside from this detail the phone works great and it is just what i expected  .   i have tried many methods, but unfortunately could not connect and sync with outlook .  also good  .   the s3 is an amazing phone, even considering is more than a year old . price is going down which is a plus! definitely i would recoomend this phone to people, it's even better than iphone 5  .   i had the chance to get the ss4 but i like so much that i decide to not change unless there is something much better than this, for me this is the best phone i ever had . this phone is really good  .   only problem is battery life . if you are an app person; make sure you delete the unwanted apps that are loaded in cache once after the use . because otherwise it hangs and doesn't respond so fast  .   awesome phone, bought this for a friend of mine and she loved it . excellent phone .   i was user for another brands and samsung exceeded my expectations by far . the best phone that i have had . although i love the s3 this vendor sells me a phone that it's modified and i've been through hell trying to update the firmware . bottom line the phone it's amazing, great deal, no issues whatsoever (except the update to 4 . it is pretty user- friendly and convenient , but there is some small problems like having issue to insert a language for using in keyboard ( i have to reinsert the second language 2-3 times a week) . all the bad reviews on this phone is correct  .   it is not an "international version" as stated, i bought this phone but i live in the caribbean the applications are not supported here, although the phone states international . i am very disappointed and up-set as this phone is not cheap; i am also disappointed in amazon . now i am stuck with this phone  .   very poor purchase  .   a very good brand new samsung s3 phone, so cheap, classic, and potable to carry out . i encourage you to go for it  . excellent condition . even the tmobile guy was surprised at how great it was! works perfect so far . didn't have to do anything weird with the language settings . the only downside is that it came with an international wall plug . i have been completely satisfied with this product  .   i have enough with this phone! it keeps rebooting every single day! i just had for 1 week! the phone keeps rebooting, restarting, and remaining in the starting screen . i got sick of this phone! i really want to return it  .   this is very unfortunate for me to write a review like this, but i have to explain for better understanding . he was so frustrated and ended up paying $150 for repairs . its been approximately two months since the phone has arrived and its been working great so far  .   very fast phone  . the battery is okay too have a good duration buy it .hi like it .and i m happy too . i loved this phone, but about seven months after i started using this phone without problems i suddenly stopped having access to internet or internet based apps, i could only work with wi-fi . i finally went back to amazon and they had the best customer care service and i returned to the seller for a refund . i am still buying my new phone from amazon because of their fabulous customer service  . overll a great experience for this product . this has all the latest futures and the word of free apps with andriod os  .   great product, perfect interface, good price, quick navigation, tutorials online, clean appearance . the phone is the most complete of the sg3, this model is the quadcore and worth paying for, thank you very much for the excellent service  . it looks elegant and the functionality is exceptional . i dont know what is wrong but the phone keep on shutting down like after every 5 mins . im not pleased at all . feeled ripped off . i initially got a phone that didn't work properly, phones were always dropping as well as i could not navigate through the internet because it lost signal . after the phone was changed to a "new one", i got a used phone, the screen was popping out, the usb port didn't work properly and the battery was not even samsung original . the worst experience i've had with an amazon supplier . i'm simply happy with it . good size, steady, has never frozen and battery is still good after 7 months of use  .   it is a useful smart phone work, at home, or on the street, adapted to all communication needs and versatility . i believe that this is a great phone . good screen, awesome in size and totally customizable . very happy with it . a review in amazon isn't good enough for just buying this . i can recommend gsm arena for a much better review and detailed  .   ordered for a friend of mine and she loves it .samsung galaxy s3 the best mobile phone samsung has ever made besides the new samsung galaxy s4 . works great and has very good battery life  .   i bought this for my wife and my kid, phone is amazing with international warranty, sound clarity is good and apps compatibility is also great  .   it has very bad battery .   i got my order on time! my samsung galaxy s3 came in a brand new box with all his accessories but i dont know what kind of charger is that because it cannot be charged in america or jamaica where i go back and forth regular, in-addition the phone is advertised as "version" but i dont see any sign of "version" on the phone therefore when i go to jamaica i hope it is unlocked and i dont have to pay any expense to open the phone for it to make it work  .   but all and all the phone seems brand new and i like it thus far so i will see what happens when i reach jamaica . i bought it for my brother- he loves it  .   very comfortable and easy to use for a phone . almost better than the iphone  . i buy this phone for my cousin, its functionality is very good and it really is very fast, the graphics are outstanding, i think i'd buy one for my soon . it is a little big but easy to handle . the phone samsung s3 i arrive in excellent condition and new exactly as displayed, recommend hasslefreecell as an excellent seller . very good choice   .   i am excited about my phone, until now i have done very well . excelent equipment . i liked it so much  .0 which i cannot seem to find a way to upgrade it because samsung kies only works with usa models and samsung does not support the international versions because the american tely companies have a very strong hold of all the phone manufactures . the volume is an issue  .i almost miss it because of low volume .   i think the phone is a good phone but the seller on amazon give me a bad deal with the phone because it is not holding the charge for any long period of time  .   i see that you are an irresponsible and these scamming buyers really you stole my money, i timaste but i forgive you so god knows . the phone performs just as well as a brand new one . this is an amazingly smart phone, . there is a very, very common charging port issue with this phone . i had it for exactly 57 days, not even a scratch or a ding on it . i loved it, took great care of it, but it failed anyway . world wide distributors says it's samsungs problem, since their 30 day warranty its expired and i'm sol . say what? spend another $100 and ship the phone to the other side of the planet? wait 3 to 6 months and they're not even sure it will get fixed? i'd rather have them be honest and tell me to shove it up my rear end . plainly put, there isn't and won't be support for this phone, ever . you're better off buying a phone from a major brand name store, whichever you prefer . don't make the same mistake i did . serves me right for trusting samsung and world wide distributors  .   provides a wide satisfaction is a smart phone first . excelente telefono inteligente brinda una amplia satisfaccion, es un smart phone de primera .   firstly love the color pebble blue don't know much about the phone but love my apps that i have downloaded great picture quality and smooth sound quality mi just a gwaan play with it until mi understand it zeen . this cellphone is much cheaper than the s4 and are almost the same specifications . it's better to buy it . i recommend you  .   my sister can't stop talking about her phone, has actually stopped carrying her laptop to work, even with the gs4 out this is a great phone . disappointed  .   this product is a tool of work and i`m feel very good whit the funtions and aplications . congratulation to the person that showed for me . this phone is great and has different aplication that are important to the job and compared to other smartphones in my opinion can not say which is better but this works very well . the operation is relative to the need and for my needs this is perfect  .   the cosmetic damage was a little more than anticipated but the phone was correct and works well . when i purchased my galaxy it was because they advertise it as if it is just as good as ios system for apple, but let me tell you it freezes all the time, won't load pictures occasionally and it is a pain in the ass, wish i had an iphone right now  . not recommend since i was buying a phone unlocked and it is not  .   it's user friendly, great camera .met my expectations except for battery life and poor music loading,i phones are much better in these areas . it's a great toy though  .   very happy with it . great size screen . touch screen works well . functions work well .   got it on time, it works great according to my brother who i bought it for as a gift , he loves it and prefer it over an iphone   .   these are fake samsung galaxy 3's  . i took this phone to a reputable phone repair shop and they took it apart to discover that it is a fake  . i have had this thing for about 45 days and it is junk  . i have contacted amazon and started the appeal process .   i bought this unlocked international phone and it was dead within two months . eventhough the seller turned me down, amazon helped me for a refund . if you are still looking to buy this phone, god bless you  . i was concerned because i had read many reviews saying that the telephones were from a&t . so far, it has performed excellent coming from blackberry, this is awesome :) . the phone is very nice  .   works perfect in venezuela with movistar . great camera, programs, fast and light . one of the best phones right now . it emits a "ding" sound every time an e-mail is received, despite my having set sound notifications to "silent", i just don't how to stop this thing making this annoying noise  .   otherwise, it seems like a perfectly adequate phone - i still prefer to do web surfing on a computer of some kind . sorry i don't get excited about technology any more, all these devices turn out to be more of a nuisance than a help  .   cool handset everything works as described . the device doesn't work on the 1700 band which is t-mobile's 4g network (usa) you will see e,g,3g,h,h+ , all these are very slow compared to true 4g . if data speed is important to you make sure to order the specific model that works with your carrier  .   the team works well with movistar venezuela, positive comments from other users are little at the amazing performance of the equipment, which until now have reviewed . a stylish design, but a little big . it is a very advanced, with extraordinary functions . very happy with purchase  .   easy to work, amazing picture and video quality . good looks, effective touch screen, all around a great phone . would recommend to anyone  . no 'at&t' on the back cover like some other samsung galaxy 3 . the battery is not bad as i expected . one shortcoming is the manual; it's in a language other than english or chinese, which i can't understand at all . the other shortcoming is still about the language .   this was an awesome buy, price was great and the phone works well .   no fault in phone but charger fail it  .  i love the phone but hate the charger  .   i bought it from tech giant who was fulfilled by amazon and the phone is unlocked just as it's advertised but i ain't so sure if the phone is actually new because the box for the phone looks really old and used while the phone looks like a new one . another thing is that the phone says that it's made in china and i'm not sure if it's supposed to be like that or if it should be made in korea . very good product, i didnt have problem, is importar producto for de people . is complement for me in my life . this gadget really is a smartphone, samgsun does a excellent job in this phone .2 this phone becomes again in a competitive phone . waiting patiently for amazon's price on the s4 to become more affordable so i can upgrade . excellent product, i like this phone, only one observation is that the phone is a little slow processor . thank you . unbelievable i always hear people talking about smart phones but i never pay attention on it until now i have my samsung galaxy s3 and believe me a great phone sorry but i just dump my bb torch 9810 . works really well . also had to get my sim card cut to use but but that is ok as well  .   i actually enjoyed my galaxy s3 immensely . but after eight months it simply died without warning . look it up: it's the galaxy sudden death syndrome .   this is probably one of the best purchases that i've made in a long time . not only is it internationally unlocked but it has all of the apps available to you as if i bought it in the states . i can't find anything to complain about my galaxy s3  . i tryed support from samsung in brazil and us but none accepted the phone to be serviced . finally, when i got the phone back, i realized it came with the screen all marked and even cracked  .   it's a nice device - lots of great features, but it does not print to any printer except samsung printers  .   very powerful and neat machine . especially given the price and screen size; it's a good buy . also battery does not last very long like any other smart phone at this age  .   i love my new phone and all that it has . it is amazing and i received it just in time and manner  .   thanks, good purchase and delivery - the international aspect of the phone means centigrade weather and day/month/year but this is pretty minor and probably good mental exercise anyway  .   this phone is not as fast as i expected it to be at all  .   as more applications are down loaded the mobile progressively turns slower and slower, despite the fact that enough internal memory is available . and samsung doesn't honor the warranty in venezuela because the phone was not meant for use in latinamerica  .   the s3 is the perfect pone great sound great screen and the aplications are fast really glad with my purchase . i am very disappointed and since i'm buying all my phones online i will think twice before ordering another one .   this is i747 for at&t unlock those are different phone the case donnnot like refurbished~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~when i got it the package just havethe phone and charger 。 . good, the next email is to make mention of my displeasure with you to buy my s3, since i bought it with the specifications and to be used released internationally, and i got the same blocked, i wrote several emails and made fools , giving me a bizarre answers, so the catalog as lousy dealer or seller who offered unlocked phone is a lie  .   this cell phone was for my daughter that lives in costa rica and it is working wonderful, my daughter don't have any complaints  . i purchase s3 phone for my mother and she is really happy using new phone . ringtone of the phone are not that good but we can use our own rington . best in low price  .   the phone is a chinese version similar to s3, not like the truth and sell it at the price of the original . after a long time looking for a good phone, i decided to buy the s3 . i bought the "samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300 factory unlocked phone - international version" but i received the gt-i9305t, which is very good and works in brazil, that was my concern . i'm very happy with my purchase  .   i love mi cel phone that i bought in amazon . i can download whatever applications i like or dislike; that's ok because i have a lot of memory . for know i don't have any problem with my phone . however, i would prefered if i could sent it to lima, peru instead to miami, usa  .   i got this phone as a gift for my father and he is absolutely loving it .   probably the best phone i've had in my life . very good display, storage and performance . very good product . my favorite one  .   promptly responsded to inquiries before and after sales and guaranteed the product also  . the latest was an apple update which made the iphone useless  .   the samsung so far if great  . had other androids before this one, none were good  .   this is the second phone i brought, i brought the first one for my husband in december for christmas it worked just fine . about two months later he accidentally dropped it in the ocean, since he was happy with it was a no brainer i went back to amazon and make sure i brought another one from the same seller . i basically brought the same phone, unfortunately the phone has been nothing but problems, they is something major wrong with the wireless setting . the best cel that i have it  .  very fast downloads .full recommended  .  i love it  .   just got and it's work perfectly! it super light, it came in english, but with options to other languages . i have at&t sim chip and it worked fine (i had to change it for a micro sim tough, but they did for free at at&t store) . not regret at all  .   great phone, great camera, lots of apps . get a good case for it if you give this to a teenager, mine had it for two weeks, dropped it and cracked the screen  .   a good case is worth the money  .   i was very lucky to get one of them . i am really disappointed  .   hi guys, i just bought this phone and i like it a lot .its touch screen performance is very sensitive and good .besides the os of galaxy s3 is upgraded so the apps performance is great and the navigation is so cool as well .the best part i can take a burst of pictures from the camera and select the best one out .   i'm using it for almost 8 months and just don't see any issues or troubles with the phone . the functionality is just what i need, screen resolution is enough for email reading and internet browsing . battery is strong enough to hold energy for a day of extensive use and charging with standard charger is fast enough . gorilla glass works as advertised - no scratches after usage in pretty severe conditions . the phone was also used during very cold season (average temp during winter minus 15 degrees, sometimes 20-25 below zero) - saw no glitches and battery also hold it's power  .   the major issue is that the battery does not last long enough .   this is my second s3 (the first one fell and broke) and i love this phone . also with the s4 out this one is cheaper now  .   best time to buy a good product is when manufacturer releases a new version . got it at an unbeatable price  .   the phone works fine when all of it's parts are attached . the volume control button fell off almost immediately after we installed the sim card in italy . i'm going back to uncomplicated phones . the simpler the better .90, and a tim sim card for €10, and it worked just fine all over switzerland and italy  . many people are complaining about it  .   the samsung galaxy siii is a great phone, have great apps and the touchscreen is fabulous  .   just love it all  . they said very clearly that it was unlocked . i was happy that it arrived on time . but i was really disappointed to find out that it was locked . super cell . excellent price . i love it . i recommend it . amazon is an excellent platform to find what you are looking for good price and quality  . i travel a lot and the last time i carried a camera, it was stolen from my suitcase . therefore, i've decided not to buy a camera, but i needed a phone that took good pictures . that's the main reason i bought the samsung s3, and it takes great pictures .   the phone i received is french version, the charger is not suitable in the us outlet,so i had to buy another charger and the instruction book is written in french . i love the phone  .05 to add and its exclusion is intolerable . off course google, wants you stream everything through the cloud and of course buy it from them so they don't want users havin no stinkin expandable storage . but man does the price hurt in comparison . the only real disappointment was that it cannot play hi10p and if you don't know what that is, you wont have any complaints about a galaxy s3 . well maybe that it isn't an s4  .   really nice this device . very nice camera and screen quality . the samsung galaxy s3 is a very nice phone, the smartest phone in the world . i am very happy with that . it has a lot of apps to work and to play games also  . it worked great . my only complaint of the g3 is that the home screen does not rotate like all other screens and that it seems to go through the battery quicker than other phones and needs charged at least onece a day . the size makes it challenging for one handed operation if you have smaller hands  .   i got the phones next day for free, they were packaged well and easy to activate on my current network . they work as well as the network phones . i'm also glad they can work wherever i travel without having to be unlocked . great buy for the value  . i love it . the product is exact as described and works really fine .also the s" button written in samsung" on the back of phone is ripped of . i completely don't trust its a new phone . totally wrong product  .   is a great phone comparable to iphone, easy access, good resolution camera, and a wizard who understands everything you say xd . amazing, compliant with specifications and arrived as scheduled . definitely recommend it  .   excellent phone very good, i like their features and is the world's telephone etter thanks for sale, good, good, good . i love using it . it was money well spent! i can't get enough of it and i would recommend it to everyone  . the phone face glass was broken and had no battery, it was just the shell they were selling for over almost $300 . i thing amozon should stop using them because it make them looks bad  .   a great smart phone! it does every thing what was expeted .   i am appealing to all persons buying phones on amazon from worldwide distibutors be careful . my experience after purchasing phone from amazon (worldwide distributors) after 2 months the phone was no longer working, it just went off, after testing battery which was good, i realized i was sold a faulty phone . i will not even think of purchasing anything from amazon again until this problem is solved . i am seeking a new authentic samsung galaxy phone to replace the faulty one i now have . i have informed all the persons i know not to buy on amazon, because they do not take care of customeres when they are sold faulty products please heed this call customers  .   this is by far one of the best smart phones i've had in my life . just a word of advice if you want to go through verizon pre paid service they will not let you since it is a 4g lte phone which is stupid  . a lil over priced but its not bad at all  .   surprisingly fast shipment, phone worked flawlessly, all the accessories where there and worked as they should . i had to return it not because there was anything wrong with the phone, i wasn't aware that international versions of phones doesn't really work well with us carriers because the bandwidth they use is different as the rest of the world . even issuing the refund was pretty fast and without any issue . i took the phone to the technical service and they told me the motherboard was damage, without any reasonable explanation . i am really mad with the decision i took of buying this phone . the damage is apparently caused by a software problem  .   samsung seal was broken and had another label trying to hide it . hard to tell if anything is authentic . i had a brand new s3 from a previous employer and know how everything should look when it comes from the factory and it isn't like this  .   i think that this is a great product, works great, all the apps runs quickly, the camera take great pictures  .   i am from costa rica and i have been buying things online for more than 4 years and i have never experienced something like what happened with this seller . i have talked to the seller and they insist that they sent the right cellphone and the problem lies with the courier, something everyone here in costa rica knows it's practically impossible . it's not possible that out of 35 negative reviews, most of them deal with the same problem . i'm disgusted and i believe amazon should do something with this seller quickly and find a way to avoid this type of repeated mistakes . as of right now, nothing has been solved  .  the screen was brighter and bigger, and it was doing all the stuff my little iphone could do . it is superior to the iphone in every way . bigger and brighter screen, s voice commands that can open apps, text messages, take dictation, open the camera, etc ., customizable vibration notifications, (intensity, duration, pattern) . if this phone gets lost or stolen, not only can you find it  . the alarm can wake you up in briefing mode  .  meaning that the alarm will brief you on the weather, the news, and your schedule for the day instead of just an alarm tone .   the samsung galaxy s iii is one of the best smart phones available . this is a truly unlocked version with latest android updates readily available . the only problem is this is not 4g lte . the customer service is extremely good and they put forth the facts honestly! also don't worry about the phone starting in german, you just have to select english language and it is as good as any other s iii . great price, got what i was expecting . reliable, safe and beautiful . i love so much the product . im very happy about my purchase . there's a reason why the galaxy siii is one of the best phones in the world . i love mine! having loads of storage helps for piling on the useful apps . i couldn't be happier with my purchase  .   i love the big screen . nothing i can say bad about this fon . this is the best fon i ever had  . but very good for me to used and this phone is unlocked phone but i did . i'm from brazil and this smartphone works for all brands here, (vivo, oi, claro,tim ) very fast and have many features for samsung smart tv also, his a . is incredable, the syncronize with all social networks aggregating with each contact that you have is amazing, photo shots very fast with a good resolution, it's better than iphone so far  . great a marvel . this phone is the worst desicion . is bad quality, the os is unstable i had many problems . it worked perfectly even though i bought it in the states and i'm using it in argentina  .  great phone i like it a lot . great phone at a good price and it was really unlocked .   i bought this phone a few day ago, and was thrilled when it arrived . so crisp and clean . super upset about it, i only give it three stars for not being compatible with verizon  . only thing (and this has nothing to do with the phone) i couldn't believe it was cheaper for me to buy a samsung phone on amazon and have it shipped here when samsung is a korean company . plain-o bonkers  .   you'll be happy  .   thanks sir williams beacause you solve the issue  .   so i think you did a great job to solve the problem  .   great phone, i'm familiar with ios and i have to agree with the fact that android is great peace of software . the phone is slick and trendy, i wish it had more battery . the cam is good for what you want to use it for (i mean, it's not an slr cam!) . would not accept sim chip as it would not lock into place broken sim cover, overall shoddy workmanship and i would not recommend . which was very expensive and not really worth it is the tax that is levied in my country  . i recommend it . another great phone from samsung .   we bought this phone for our grandson so we were skeptical because of some of the negative reviews about it not being the unlocked, international version . it arrived today and we are thrilled with it . not sure what some of these folks are talking about on their negative reviews but this vendor is great and the product is great . price was nice as well  .   this phone is excellent, great product, here in venezuela is awesome, my espectavives was super, very thankfull for the service and the product . having owned a vast number of cellphones myself from different brands and using different os i'm forced to recommend this one, not only because it absolutely met my expectations but because it shows how a great product, with a great design and a fantastic software implementation can be put out there for a fair price  .   samsung love it, keep making awesome phones  .   proud that this is a korean product, forget the iphone  .   this is way worth the $  .   but one of them have the earpiece like loose, and the battery doesn't work  .   it's too bad, because i've got others new unlocked phones, and everything is perfect  . great cell phone, this is international version and look so nice work perfect , in every sense, come in french but i speak french too and is very easy turn to any lenguaje , i so happy with this purchase come super fast . i took this to vietnam, bought a sim card and work out of the box . i love it . i would recommend to buy it  .   phone is great, but int'l unlocked version did not work well on at&t in the us . problems with texts not arriving on several occasions . phone worked well for demos  . this phone is too fast and have a clean software . phone was in great condition and works like a charm . thank you  .   everything about him is perfect, the only problem is the battery, but not cell problem, a problem of samsung and general smarthaphones . i love the phone, very quick, nice shape and you can set the language to brazilian portuguese . works perfectly in brazil   . the only trouble is not related to the phone itself, but to the sim card .   too slow! not what u would expect from samsung! my 3rd galaxy, loved the others, but this one is defective and my money is wasted! bummer . i ordered the international phone and got something else that only takes small sim cards . i use this for work and am extremely disappointed . i love it! this is what i wanted to get and everything . galaxy 3s is really great item .   excellent  .   so far, i love this phone . i upgraded from the galaxy sii i9100 and am thankful that i did so . i love the larger screen and added features . do not regret this purchase at all  .   good cellphone, the only bad thing i haveto say is about the signal in venezuela for movistar  .   sucks  . the phone is perfect in every way . instead buy this one that is one of the best cell phones i have ever have  .   there are a number of important details that do not appear in the publication, such as the model that really sells t-mobile sgh-t999 and not the gt-i9300 international version . no doubt the gt-i9300 is better .   for an iphone user: this cell phone is really an experience! i used an iphone for a long time but now i really like to explore the possibilities the samsung offers . it is a great phone! i do have some critics for the seller though: we did not receive ceramic white, but marble white, the phone was set up in french and the charger was german (but they added an adapter) . i had the iphone 3gs and therefore a bigger sim, couldnt someone tell me that the sim cards are smaller now  .   good morning the phone i get the empty box my phone was not yet . it is not fair that i buy and i arrived the empty box . am satisfied from the product and the shipment . i love the big screen and the smoothness with which you navigate through it  .   very good phone in a very good price price ver what you get is amazing very good camera very good screen very good price(: work very fast . it's a good phone . it has some problems and bugs and i've heard about sudden death  . sadly, i overestimated this new product, its the bad sheep of the galaxy family and the screen broke with the first fall it faced! my old galaxy had at the most a dent with similar fall .   not happy at all :'( . this is not what i paid, this phone is used, are so brazen that they erased the photos or the music of the former owner that cynical bulgares  . the quality is good and have tools for day by day . the support of samsung is good  .   this is a very fast cellphone, works perfectly and has an amazing camera .   great hd screen . it didn't work well with t-mobile but i got excellent reception with best buy's at@t . it's not the phone's fault but the provider's . i just had a very very bad experience with t-mobile, their reception, and their customer's service . there were some things on this item that was not mentioned in the selling points that were important and with that being said is why this item was returned . liked it or not all of the information was not given before purchase .   i had a terrible surprise, my phone was damaged . waste of money, don't buy it .   my gt-i9300 displays an error when opening the camera "unknown error occured" . no entry in the internet solution to solve the problem  .   this is an amazing phone, very fast and great resolution . the best was the price, not to expensive as i found at stores . when i qualified i had thought that the phone was right, it was the i9300 . me i feel really mocked with purchase i did . also the phone is faulty often . i require that men get a response regarding a refund for mis-selling  .   excellent product nice screen now i know what they call s,art phones battery last long and speakers are loud enough great value . only issue i have with this phone is the battery life, but with the quality that it pushes out it's somewhat understandable .   well this was was definitely a great buy . works great, completely unlocked . was even able to rot it in under 3 minutes . it comes just as advertised in immaculate condition . great phone and i'm enjoying it immensely  .   i bought a samsung galaxy s3 i9300 unlocked, but what i got, after they had to resend the package using fedex because apparently usps "lost it" on its way, was a galaxy s3 sgh-i747 on an i9300's box, without manuals nor headphones, just the phone, which came with the home button loose and kind of as if it's always pressed, and (at least) the charger  .   this phoen is amazing  .   greta tecnology, easy to use and lots of multi functions  .  it comparable to a iphone, with the benefits you won't find at appple products (when you are tide to use apps, storage cards, etc) . excelent price . i recommend  .   i find myself in unusual position praising iphone :-) i bought galaxy siii for my brother overseas, who replaced his iphone 4 or 4s . there are many things he likes about galaxy siii; however, he seriously considers changing it to iphone 5 . my wife is quite happy with galaxy siii, but she never had iphone  .   came the next day and worked out of the box . i use it in china and works well . this is an excellent phone and i am glad i bought it . so to date, my phone is not covered by the warranty, even though it should be since it was purchased legally, and heaven forbid anything should happen to it  .   best phone so far, the camera is the best part, no other camera and shoot as fast as this phone . the phone is thin and the screen is big enough to play games and read emails . i would of like different color options . it works perfectly! i brought it to venezuela and everything is perfect! im very excited with this new pone . nice looking phone  . her friends recommended it  .   this smart phone up to my expectations exceeded .i would have to write an article to express the many facets and the multiple facets of this extraordinary smart phone and i have no time for it . the phone is awsome i love it  .  they delivered as per my expectations but it will be great if i received a cover and screen protector  . never got 4g because the phone doesn't get the correct umts bands since it's mostly gsm .5g service i recommend not buying this phone  .   it's so sad too because this phone was a lot faster and had the full jellybean update that t-mobile s3 doesn't .  hope she will like it too  . i thought this was going to be a protection to the body of my phone . i ended up buying asmyna samsiiicaskca602 premium slim and durable protective cover for samsung galaxy s3 . it looks nice and it covers my screen  .   and not a good value for the price  .   i live in per', this unlocked international version phone works perfectly . and is a great looking phone and it works perfectly .   fantastic cell phone, it arrived in very good conditions w/o any problem and it is working fantastic my wife love it  .   super fast phone, you can do almost whatever you want . i strongly recommended if you are an android fan . i was using this phone around 10 months after that the phone started to freezing  . great phone i used it while traveling in europe and back home in the states  .   this product attend me perfectly! beautiful design, soft and sensitive touch . before this phone i had a nexus i9250, and is not much difference between them, the biggest difference is the screen, you can see the improvement in sharpness, another visible improvement is the design as it is more pleasing to the eye, a drawback of the phone is the battery life, in my case i have to charge up to 3 times a day with the nexus were 2 times, the seller "surgetelecom" sent me exactly what is described, everything in perfect condition, shipping was in record time very pleased with the choice i made . what i don't like is by the time i bought the phone's price fell $ 70, so i was not pleased   . excellent quality fabric . i recommend the product to my family and friends . i love  .   great phone works super good fast just as advertised super fast shipping and great packed to protect phone only down sidebit arrived in chinese but after all excellent . after 10 month using this product it dead suddenly -cause by 16g flash controller bug  .this bug was fixed on 4 . thanks great way to sell product  . i will look very carefully in the future (if ever) to buy a product using amazon this is a bad bad experience - i just lost 876$ - thank you amazon - grate seller   . so i contacted the seller to report what my carrier (stated that the phone was stolen) the blubell sales wanted me to go into the phone to the unlock the phone because they claim that they missed the unlocking .   i was looking for a good cell phone and i ended with a perfect one! no complaints at all . perfect size, processor, memory and performance  .   the team was helpful after sale so they do the best to fix any problem i faced like the thin battery which i switched for a new one . i own a galaxy nexus and the s3 and i prefer my nexus over the s3, but i guess it is just because i owned the nexus first and got used to its interface . it is lighter and keep nexus size which i consider a pro, but as a big con, you have to wait longer for android updates  .   i dont like iphones and i had a blackberry before . i thought that i would not adapt as i like having a physical keyboard and it is a big phone but i love it   .   thank i really loved it, and the price was worth it . great image quality and sound also . i am happy that i've bought it . super phone . very slick looking, fast and user friendly . nice colour . the only problem is the international version will arrive set in a different language  .  ] otherwise perfect  .   love the features and sleek design .didn't regret of buying it . but in the end, i decided to buy this and never regret it  . the galaxy s3 phone fit my vonvenience and i do not miss the iphone for even a second and at great price . very good phone, i recommend it for anyone that needs to be connected everytime . good design, excellent screen size, and very easy to use  .   the sophistication of the design and technology make the phone is better than i-phone . the sleek design as well as automatic power saver feature are superb . lo recomiendo el equipo llego en excelentes condiciones, sin ning'n tipo de problemas, y con todos sus accesorios tambi'n funcionando sin problemas . my phone works perfect with the local carrier, i have had no issues with it, i'm incredibly happy with my purchase  .   excelent  .  this company was very professional and the product was in excelent conditions  .   love the sevice, attention, speed of delivery and overall i love the item i go from you . it is a gift, i am sure my niece will enjoy  .   el producto llego al timepo estimado, sin ningu problema, nuevo y con los sellos de nuevo, que garantiza lo original del producto . galaxy s3 - international version purchased from global mobile 3/2013 first and foremost: phone does not work with verizon or sprint . could have saved me a lot of time and worry if the product description said it only works with tmobile and at&t . for that reason you lose half a star . i love the phone so much that i can forgive the late shipping and having to switch phone carriers . this is my third android phone and it is definitely the best so far . it'll take a while to learn everything this phone is capable of . was concerned about the size . but my small girly hands have no problems . strongly recommend a case as the sleek design made me nervous i'd drop it . best thing about purchasing an unlocked phone is not having to deal with all the bloat-ware that the carriers install on their phones . no annoying apps that you can't delete . if you've never used an android or aren't technically savy, it may take awhile for you to get the hang of it . all in all i'm glad i bought this phone . looking forward to a much cheaper phone bill . definitely worth it . sent from my awesome new galaxy s3  .   i love my s3 it got to me on time and it wss at a great price just wish i could have gotten the 32gig version, also my one complaint is that the charger was the uk jack . but other than that i love it . i was disappointed that there was no manual included . other than that, i love the phone . it's bigger than an iphone but still fits in my back pocket so it's not too big after all . i have had no issues getting any of the apps i had previously on my iphone on my new galaxy but you can use it without any of the restrictions apple places on it's phones . one of the reasons that i got rid of my iphone was because of itunes and it not letting me recover my contacts when i had to restore it to it's factory settings (another apple issue) . i love that feature . i can't think of anything bad to say about it . i love it  .   the link clearly states that it is unlocked . i have had this phone for about 6 months now and i still love it! the blue looks really good  .   there is a known hw problem with this phone . the phone will die and not restart . mine worked for 6 months  .   because this is an international version, samsung usa will not support you and point you to samsung uk . they in turn will also not support you because the phone is not an eu phone . samsung's support model is abominable . so be forewarned in buying samsung products, support is bad . this is a very good phone with lots of features and is the top notch in terms of technology and usefool tools  .   this is a very good phone with lots of features and is the top notch in terms of technology and usefool tools  . hate the fact that when you buy it unlocked none of the guides (on paper) are in english . the phone itself is awesome works great i love it! nice job .   this is an awesome cell phone . i had no problem setting it up and was able to start using it immediately  .   after 8 months my phone has suffered the "sudden death" syndrome . i've been reading and there is nothing i can do, i am not completely sure about the warranty but if my $700 are gone this is my last samsung product, and i have tablets and other products, for me samsung is dead too . glad to hear if someone had a similar problem and found a solution  .   i got this bc i was going for a world trip and it worked everywhere without having any trouble . fast and got all my updates . then i end up giving it to someone in india and it works fine . thank you so much . i thought i rate this one but really sorry for the late review . amazing phone i have it over an year already and it still works perfectly . works fast has a lot of memory and a good photo resolution  .   i got this phone 3 months ago as a gift for my sister! she has no complain whatsoever with it ,,, . then i talked to the seller of this phone who gave me helpful info on which phone to get . i was worried about buying the international over the us version . seller said it was better and so did the forums . i have service through a small provider . i have always had a blackberry and had upgraded as soon as the new one came out . we got my mother a samsung because she wanted a smartphone and i loved what she had . i am not sure why anyone would have problems with the phone being in german . camera has none of the lag of other camera phones i have owned have . i practiced on the grand kids today and got very good action shots . i will be getting an otterbox cover as i really don't want to damage that beautiful screen  .   i seem to be running the battery down fast but i have downloaded lots of apps and pictures so i hope thats it . but as i say i have been using pretty heavy .   excellent phone, great performance and quality of the materials . i haven't got any problem with it and it's been 6 months that i have it  .   the best quality smartphone . incredible functionality and unbeatable operating system . i highly recommend if you want quality products for communication and distraction .   good morning the product this one good and in perfect conditions ado that refer says goodbye of you jose diaz . i love this phone very much, and it is very good to be used . the shipping is very fast, and i will recommend others to buy this phone . i think it is better than i phone  .   it's a very good phone that i liked very much  .  easy to handle most of all the features are superb .so i loved the phone . and it just died for no apparent reason . i contacted samsung usa, however, i was told that as it was an international version not sold in the us it wasn't supported either! they proposed me to contact samsung uk . samsung uk told me since i bought the phone in the us they couldn't support me with any warranty, and to go check witn us samsung, which i previously asked and was told to go to samsung uk, so i got in that loop, hence leaving my phone without any warranty no matter what country i am . i just lost my $700 usd i spent in this item  .   samsung galaxy s3 has been having lots of hardware problems, to fix mine will cost $500 usd to replace the motherboard not worth it  .   warning  .   check for "samsung galaxy s3 sudden death syndrome" before considering to buy this phone  .   great product, light, beautiful, and a very powerfull machine! it's a very good deal, due the price and quality . i recomend  .   what can i say phone is awesome features to the heavens love it a must have best phone i ever had  . nice device, i have nexus one and it is very similar . we will see if this model is better or not . i used this phone with my straight talk plan and it works perfectly i was able to link my facebook to it as we'll as my google contacts with no problem .   my honey got this phone and loves it so much he wants me to get the exact one , but i got a white one ,can't wait tell it gets here  . i'm apple addicted until today, but i must agree that samsung is improving our experience to use a great smartphone . without comparisson, i need to say that i start loving siii since obeserved my friends using it  .   it's incredible product and brings new functionalities to my day  .   simply love it  . very good i vove it it is what i want so nice i like it thans so much it is great . i love my phone and i would not trade it for the world . i have a samsung tablet also and it is just like it . i am very satisfied with samsung products and their quality  .   a great article, i to worked very well, is a product that meets the needs for which it acquired, and does not disappoint me, complying with each and every one of my needs  .   well it will be a shame comparing this monster to the iphone . apart from the shape and design (which we may disagree upon) it beats it in every shot . i chose this article because it's at a great price, excellent quality and i recommend it to you . it was my birthday gift and i am really pleased so far  .   excellent negotiation, i would buy one with you . very good product and very good quality . works well without problems . no complaints as such . lets see if they come up with next version with nice resolution  . but damn sluggish . otherwise great  .   the best phone i ever had . the best phone in the world! i hate the i-phone!   .   excellent and very good product recommended, 100% quality samsung best, for now is a cell that is in competition with other telephony . excellent and very good product recommended, 100% quality samsung best, for now is a cell that is in competition with other telephony . it came exactly as described, swift shipping and after 3 weeks of using it there have been no complaints . great purchase and will be buying the s4 when available  . i bought it as a gift and was delivered abroad to colombia, was broken and samsung refuses to fix it or replace it hence the 2 stars rating .   it was new and as expected to be, thank you all . so far so good no problems what so ever i had iphone 4s but this is by far a better phone . hi, i love this phone , the cell phone is perfect and work very well . i take the best pictures  .   the galaxy s iii is without a doubt the best phone you can get . it wins over the competition in any measurable aspect  .   not really a phone lover but my mon got this when it came out and i was stuned with the screen res and the bright .   i like it very much . i wish it was cheaper so i can buy another one in red  .   i just love this phone so much it a great buy and the price is just wonderful fnljkgh efh f jdfbv ldkjfhvlefhv sdhfioerh sduveuih uhfv udsf hfv dfg gr drg rt . excelent celular phone the best its very fast, excelent digital images, a lot of free aplications, download very very fast, best than iphone . it takes great pictures and great videos . beautiful big screen . easy to download games . it is easy to hold and use . i cannot find any problems with this phone . i highly recommend it  .   good day i really now about this phone am from venezuela and i bought a samsung s3 i9300 and you sold me a i747 it is not the same and i cant waste my time paying back to return the phone becarefull whit that . pros: great phone, very stylish and easy to work with . nice screen resolution, although more could be desired cons: too big, difficult to cary  . it works perfectly, after a few second the phone asked whether to update its opereatin system from 4 . this is a great phone . pros: great performance . easy to use . a bit expensive  . this is the best phone i have ever have . responds fast to commands and easy to use  . delivery was on time and item was in perfect condition . just stuck my sim card in and it was up and running sweeet . i would recommend this ten times over . even the most avid iphone users in my life we totally fascinated and wanted to dump their iphone and trade for an siii . great apps, great speed, just an awesome phone  .   excellent product, what i asked was expected, a quality 100 % , quality at low cost, the finish is spectacular, the colors expected, i recommend this product to buyers, are you going to like, thanks   .   i love my new smartphone! it's easy to use, fast, light weight, and easy to link to other softwares and programs  . me encanta este telefono, super rapido la internet muchas funciones necesarias  . i have to have an unlocked phone and since the quad version was only available in the international version, i gave it a try . fast versatile and good looking . the only downside is the price . overall, i am very satisfied  .   me gusto el tiempo y forma de entrega, cumple con las expectativas de comprar en linea, se entrego en domicilio bien embalado  .   i am not satisfied with samsung galaxy charger as it is not compatible to use in us . why doesnt hassle provide with samsung galaxy phone which is compatible in us as i bought the phone is us and will use phone in us .   just received the phone today, took it to verizon to get the smaller sim card and was informed that this phone is not compatible with the verizon network . amazon customer service worked with on setting up returning the phone . kind of bummed, but off to the big blue box to pick up the phone  .   muy buen producto cumpli' con todo lo esperado us'ndolo apenas llego a venezuela sin ningun problema lo recomienzo 100% vendedor muy cumplido . i like my new phone . everything was fine, but a acceptable dead pixel was on the screen . i love android  . before using this model i had a galaxy gio this particular model was everything i expected, the performance the upgrades, everything is a lot better than previous versions . i was afraid about the size, the last model i had was 4 . it fits great in my pocket even using a protective case . the battery improvement is great .   well really wanted this for my self but then my wife kept complaining that he phone was not keeping up with what she wanted to do . her birthday was right around the corner and i said you know what i think i found her gift shipped very quickly and she is still enjoying it very much . great phone and so much more  .   am loving learning all about how to use it . it is very easy to figure out and offers many helpful hints as you go along  .   mobile phone with an excellent display, very fast, the truth is an excellent mobile device .it is not very large, is very suitable  .   whenever i would have the requisite amount of money to purchase it, i wont delay a second to do it .   muy bueno muy bueno muy bueno excelente lo recomiendo entrega r'pida y sin obst'culo los felicito por el producto y . i love this phone, better then my blackberry . is super nice, good size and al lot of app to used for free . excellent phone samsung brand . i highly recommend it especially if you like the android operating system . received the item on time as promised on the 8th of feb . however due to personal tragedy in my family, i have still to connect and operate the smartphone samsung galaxy s iii/s3 . i have an amazon store card and with that comes interest free payments on certain monetary amounts .00, there is a one year interest free payment plan on that item, or that particular purchase . if you purchase other items post, that transaction, they will not be included in your previous interest free deal, so keep that in mind if you choose to use the store card and make sure to double check card conditions with amazon on purchases over a certain amount . on big ticket items, i only buy from a vendor that amazon backs, because returns are less of an issue and i believe the company is safer and more legitimate when fulfilled by amazon . the actual packaging said "like- 800 count egyptian cotton" but the vendor neglected to put "like" in the description and when i wrote a "buyer beware" review, i received lots of nasty gram emails demanding that i remove my unflattering review . i believe someone even called me and was nasty to me . they cannot police every company or individual who wants to sell, but the ones they do back, i have never had a problem with . i read reviews about bad batteries, movie data already loaded on the phone (that means it was someone else's phone before you got it), batteries that were not even factory issue, bad chargers, inability to switch language, advertised as an international unlocked, but was not, and a plethora of other issues . if you receive the phone and seal is broken, taped over, don't do anything to it, except return it, because you will have an issue with that phone, it is not brand new, and it is not what it was advertised to be . my phone arrived by the date it was promised, it was not opened, box was completely factory sealed and changing language from german to english was as easy as instructions stated . i have purchased unlocked international cell phones before, so i knew that they were adaptable to contract and non contracted services and i've used them on both plans . the cool thing about non contracted services is that you pay around $50 .00 to check out another company, until you find the one that provides best service to your area- it is still cheaper than being stuck in a contract . i put both att and tmobile sim cards in my phone and should have went with the tmobile because i get better service in my home, but when i was speaking with the rep, i could not get the sim card to stop popping out . here is where some aggravation may come in . there are not enough categories on the straight talk apn webpage for the galaxy 3 to get internet working, so i had to call for help, this could require patience . just about every time i called, the recording said, "there was an unusually large volume of calls" and they could not take mine, then click . when i did get through, the recording said call back was 30 minutes, it was nearly 2 hours, but when i finally got a warm body around 8:30 pm, she stayed on the phone with me until i had internet . it took some trial and error to finally get it . i complained to her, that the website was not well equipped and about the long time in which it took to speak with someone, and she apologized . she said that the company was aware and they were taking steps to improve customer service . a quick start, manual was included in phone packaging, with details on how to access owners guide and i will take the time to do that, for i am not savvy in the smart phone world to know the full capabilities of this phone . the phone uses like a tablet, so i am familiar with how to obtain apps etc  .   i love the large screen, the options, and the camera takes great pics . the one thing to remember is that if there are apps continuously running in the background, that will suck battery incredibly fast (learned that in one day) . at end of an average day i can be anywhere from 67%-40% available battery usage . the better battery will be a future investment . the key to a happy phone experience, is to buy from the right vendor first and foremost . what i discovered about the reviews, is that they are all grouped together and it is difficult to know which vendor a review is about, unless author mentions it . beware of these vendors . amazon is my favorite place to shop and i do a lot of business with them . i may not be a savvy smart phone user, but i am a savvy, well informed shopper and do not jump for the cheapest price on amazon . i have one, love my galaxy 3, got exactly what i was told i was getting- a brand new, straight from the factory cell phone .   this is the best phone that has come to the world market to date . at first i thought it was overkill when critics called it "the iphone killer" but i think they are right  . once i was overseas, the phone was easy to set up as it came already unlocked . i used it all the time and always performed as advertised, no problems whatsoever . i will highly recommend this phone, which i think it is better than the i-phone  . this phone is so cool! plus its unlocked so it will work on any network! but the only problem i have is that i cant silence the camera noise since in other countries besides 'murica its illegal or something to have a silent cell camera . event third party camera apps wont work to silence it  .   first of all i would like to say nothing wrong with this item as a phone and i am giving it five star, also nothing wrong with amazon, the only issue is with an amazon seller which is (abe-123), i contacted that seller around the past three weeks without any respond although amazon is confirming every sent e-mail just few minutes after sending . this phone stopped working and died on january 2013 after just five months without any mishandling or misuse, samsung usa turned me to samsung uk where international versions can be repaired, the guy in uk gave me the number that i shoul write on the package in order to be accepted by the repair center, but samsung uk refused to accept this phone for repair and they returned the phone back to me after paying another $100 . i came back to amazon trying to find a resolution to my issue, but amazon is terning me to that seller who is not responding at all, now i ended-up with a dead phone that costs me $680 . all what i was looking for is at least to hear from amazon if they can help in this case or not but i was not expect to take that silent situation .   excellent treatment and responsible negotiation, are recommended to buy, thanks for the sale, i hope soon to have to buy back their products . killer smartphone . excellent product .   good morning, the phone great, filled my expectations, but the charger came with the european terminal . it is unfortunate  .   it's amazing smart phone, i would recommended to buy to anyone, is better than the other . a little big screen but it's ok . it is a great cellphone and it works very fast, the only problem is the battery  . impressive phone . the only issue we had was that it came with non standard power plug so i have to go out and get one  .   i am not objective about technology because i used an old cellphone but i can say that is was unlocked and it is functioning good in colombia with 3g  .   this is the best cell i have ever bought, the function are great, the color is great, i love the speed of the processor, and the graphics . i am not happy with this phone i bought from this company, i have problems with the settings, i am not able to setup my phone the way i want  .   excellent phone, a little big but it fits the reality of modern-day phones . the best competition in the market and one of the best brands . excellent service got my purchase in 2 days  .item does exactly as it is advertised to do a fantastic tool  . before i bought this superb smart phone i did a lot of research and comparison . then i read the smart phone ratings in consumers report and it helped me to finally decide on this instead of an iphone . you will not be mistaken in choosing this very good phone . it is very highly recommended  .   i absolutely love this phone . it works great . i haven't gotten it on a plan as yet but i can use the internet features to do other things while i find a company that it will work with  .   got here on time, works very nice, fully in english and all the s3 features we like to see work just fine  .   he was in doubt about which phone to buy . i am fully satisfied with the product, it exceeded my expectations . excellent device, offered me much more than i expected  .   and excelent item sure meets the expected will sure buy another  .   it works perfectly the only thing i did not like is that the phone comes in french . but overall it is great  .   this was a five star phone until: i purchased this in june before it came to usa and it is the best phone ever  .   but now i have a problem with the phone going to black screen or shutting down and then rebooting . i see on the web this is not an isolated problem and some say its being ignored by samsung  .   i got it as a present for my husband and he loves it! it's a lot more than a phone, it's better than a lap top  .   i love it perfect recommended, very good product, very good quality, perfect, meets my expectations, very good presentation and packaging, 100% recommended, good color and quality . ok people responsible arrive on time and in perfectc ondition the product works great and my wife is very happy .size of the screen is ideal for me,not so big neither small,very fast .applications are free and easy accessible .   very bad conditions, very scratched in the camera cover and sides phone, software present damage in the rear camera funtion . i totally loved this phone, everything in the package was seal, the only thing that i didn't like is the batery life but it isn't a big deal . i'm using it now in venezuela and it works pretty well with movistar  .   por favor enviar todo en un solo paquete un solo embalaje o las ventas creo que les bajaran y nos nos combiene ni a ustedes ni a nosatros gracias . excellent product . excellent quality . perfect for every day and easy to use .   my sister loves this phone . it works well and it was not damaged when it arrived . the screen was a little bigger than i expected but it's a great phone  . it was a terrible experience! i am out about $600 .00 ! they refused to let me exchange it or refund y money  . i am using the phone and so far i am facing one issue is i am not geting the 4g connection provided by my carrier(t-mobile) . excelente producto entregado correctamente en el tiempo que el vendedor especifico, ademas de que el paquete llego sin ningun problema  .   this product is awesome and time flies away easily when i get started with s3 each time . the apps are absolutely amazing   . if 100% recommend this product as it is very efficient, safe, easy to acquire, is an excellent phone with unique acquisition . this is the best smart phone i ever bough . the touch screen work grat . is very easy to set and the camera is the best in a cellular  .  el dise'o el men' todo muy elegante y super r'pido fui cliente de bb por 5 a'os, vali' la pena el cambio . samsumg has the best celphones around the world . on costa rica it works perfect  .   brazil - gramado - rio grande do sul was this vendor, i never got the phone as well never answered e-mails, do not trust the vendor . me encanta el telefono, es lo maximo, recomiendo al vendedor llego a tiempo aqui a venezuela, es super util, tiene muy buenas funciones . i will not deny this is a great phone, looks good, works fast and everything is just stellar . but any of you fools that buy the international version like i did you will get a rude shock when you run into any issues with this devise . 3) even a minor problem, like what i called to seek help on  .   the phone never rings, it will beep when you hit the keys to type a text but it does not beep or vibrate to let you know if you received a text, so there is clearly a problem with the alert issue  .   even the alarm will not ring when set .   buying the usa version and if ya'll are smart  .   buy american! or you are doomed  .   picture calling greece or poland every time something goes wrong is that even worth it? with the time zones and all  .   i made a huge mistake  .   i have nothing to complain about this phone . it is better than i was expecting . great phone  . she really loves it  . so i think that's a nice gesture, because it's something the french government does :(:(:( . it is great and my only concern is the battery consumption: if you get addicted to using it, you'll drain the batteries too soon .   perfect couldn't ask for better . the service was excellent and the product is more than i expected . glad i purchased it  . i had it since july 2012 and a few months ago i started to see on my top right hand corner of teh screen a purple hue . it's been expanding slowly to the rest of the screen . the screen works and i am able to use my phone but i wished there was better quality . samsung phones are great, would change them but i feel thet could be made with better quality materials . i would recomend the phone but be careful with it, its extremely delicate  .   great phone and computing system i like it and definitely will use it for my primary phone and recommend it to relatives . i'am very happy with s3 - i9300 . the problem is to send a text message received when the other party is messy code(the send message is chinese) .i hope you can give me to find a way to solve the problem  .   i am very happy with the purchase very good recommend the product and a good price . it is all in the description, and i bought it knowing that this version is non lte and, despite it is quad core, it is slower than us versions due to only 1 gb of ram comprared with 2 in the us version . my wofe has the htc one x and, apart from the screen, it is much better, faster and stable phone than the s3 i9300  .   i really love it . i think this is the best smart phone in the market right now . i got the phone with the ice cream sandwich os and i felt it was lacking something although it was pretty smooth and had good features . cudos to samsung for such a great phone  . and is modern and beautiful, i love this phone  .   was i fell from a height of 10 centimeters and is broke the screen, i do not recommend for anything this phone is broken very easily, i have a htc that is me has fallen many times, that if it is a truth phone  .   iu own other android, a this is the one to beat in the price level! fast, clear and effective . the phone is amazing easy to use, great unique features that makes it the best smart phone so far, really fast the voice command works fine to change songs, stop or repeat alarms . the cam really stands up many features and really fast  .   excelente celular, llego en el tiempo estimado, sin problema ninguno, tiene buen funcionamiento, vendedor muy bueno y responsable  . very good! works excellent no problems / todo excelente tra'do a venezuela, funciona perfectamente, liberado, la entrega se hizo a tiempo  . most awesome phone i've ever had . fast, reliable, sturdy,, it's upgradable to jelly bean, nice hardware, beautiful, powerful . love it  .   i just dont like the fact that it had german configuration, european electric adaptor and i bought it in usa . i like this phone so much that i bought another and sent it to my father overseas  .   i like the quality of camera in it and the size of screen  .   the item came as described within the range of days it was supposed to come and it was well packed  .   buy this mobile exactly 5 months and a day like any other stopped working . research on the internet and it turns out that the galaxy s3 have a hardware defect, at 5 months were burning main board . i tell them not to buy this mobile, because it has no warranty, and lose their money, as i now have to buy another, and pay only 5 months ago more than 500usd laying burn that has no warranty . if i had, samsung knows the problem and they changed to a new one, but since it does not, just lost my money . not lose their money, do not buy this mobile  . you can use att or t mobile, however you can not use 3g or 4g internet you can only use edge internet, so , what is the benefit of this phone . i have nothing negative other than i keep playing with it like a new toy received at christmas, and christmas is long gone . i dont know all that it can do yet but i love finding out new things on a daily basis  .   i love this phone <3 excelente tel'fono, lleg' a mis manos en venezuela, en perfecto estado y todo en orden .   este celular ha sido de las mejores elecciones que he hecho, los colores se ven super n'tidos, es liviano y super r'pido, fotos, videos, cualquier cosa que hagas con el se convierte en algo espectacular . i am very happy with this phone, it works wonderful! the color is nice and the technology nr . 1! a very good purchase  .   what a great phone  .   i`t was perfectly unlocked . i brought it to my country a worked just fine . i recommend it  .   samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300is a excellent mobile phone . great acquisition . i am loving every day of having this phone . beautiful, stylish and extremely useful  .   highly recommend to every one   . well packaged  . and it's irritating me  .   at the moment, i feel this is the best droid phone right now on the market . its fast, it has good features, and not to mention the thin size and light weight  . fast, slim, light, beautiful, easy to use . after so much comparison and investigation i definitly got the best  . it came in perfect condition, everything works wonderfully and i jus love it! there are so many things you can do with i . i would definitely recommend this phone to anyone  .   without words, is fast, lightweight, functional, delicate, beautiful, charming me is super convenient, battery lasts me almost two days if not connected to wifi all day or playing, but it's amazing i can charm me have my games my studies my work check social networks and chat with my friends all at once i recommend 100% . also, i had ordered two of these, and one fell on the ground and the screen cracked - is this covered by warranty  .   the galaxy s3 is an unlocked phone, the box, cell and manuals were neat and in very good conditions .   this is a very fast phone, a tthink this is its most relevant fature  .   the size is not what like the most, a mean, it isn't discret at all  .   but am happy wiht it . if you don't matter about a phone size i'll plany recomend this one for you  .   i have it in a protective case and took good care of it  .   bad product and seller! dont buy . this is my second galaxy 3, i liked it so much that i bought this cellular one extra for the birthday of my dad, he is not familiar with new technologies but is very happy with this phone  .   these telephone is the best phone i have used . the only problem i had was with the volume button, didnt work well, but it was fixed for usd 20  .   very good phone , only disappointment was not getting guide and phone in english version , i need to customer service to contact to setup in english and download guide  .   i love this phone the only thing that i hate its that i didnt know about the differences on ram between the international version and companies version . this cell phone works perfectly and is unlocked and international version, in perfect conditions and do not have problem in this package . this is my first android phone, so i wanted to have a quality phone, i have to say that so far i am very happy with my purchase . i'm not really a "gadget and widget" kind of person so a lot of the technical specs are lost on me, but the ease of use and simplicity of the phone has won me over  .   my only criticisms is that the absolute basics are not made obvious, eg: i could not find any info on how to answer the phone , i looked online and on youtube and looked through the basic manuals that came with the phone, i felt quite silly to not know how to do such a basic thing . i am a person who is vision impaired so being able to change the text size is convenient and helpful, i tried the speaking feature that comes for people with vision issues, but i found it to be too intrusive, even obnoxious, and was the cause of our first and only fight(sammy and me-sammy is my phones name, obviously!)oh yeah  .  ah the magic  .   overall, i can only say again that i am very happy with my phone and would reccomend it to anyone looking for a new experience, even my 80yr old mother has used it and she is a "technophobe"  .   this phone is great, but i have a complain  .   i live in south america where this pone works excellent . very dissapointed with that  .   i bought this phone and still used, befor the sell shiped to me i contacted him this is unlocked and international version gt9300, he response me yes, when i got the phone it was t999 t-mobile not gt9300 but any way it well after month i received update notice form t-mobile when i updated, then i can not use personel hot spot which is important when i had tirp to my home country it was not working with gsm network, it is really upset me  .   from the moment you first turned on, it is easy to use, with advanced technology, just as good as the competition . this phone goes beyond what i expected recommended 200% . the galaxy s3 is a really good phone; it's really fast for the most part and the battery lasts just enough for a workday . there are some occasional hick ups on the speed and the battery may die sooner - but that's mostly dependent on data usage  .   esta super lindo, muy practico y me encanta  .   came smoothly everything ahead of schedule . i recommend it 100% . all without any problems  .   i'm completely in love with my cute samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300 factory unlocked phone . it's awesome  .   very light and incredibly beautiful! it's working perfectly in brazil  .   very good product is fast, betifull, and utility is very fun and practic, i recomended this product, good product, exelent resulution . nice phone with a lot of features that fit my needs for entertainment and for business . i just miss a mx office application . probably not a bad phone, but due to radio frequency issues with t-mobile in southern california, data is limited to 2g "edge" data rates which is unusably slow for this sort of device . so beware  .   great customer service . ill buy from this company, good phone and a very good price . this phone was an xmas gift for my daughter and she loved it  .   superb equipment . don't waste your money buying unexplainable expensive brands  .   my sgs3 was very good, but all of sudden i got the sudden death syndrome, i'm having problems with the warranty, since i live in mexico and samsung wont help because i don't have a receipt with the imei on it .   this phone is amazing! i had an iphone before but this phone has blown me away! i love it, it's easy to use (not as intuitive as the iphone), better resolution, better camera, great performance, just awesome! i love it and would not like to change it anytime soon  .   sometimes contacts window is slow but it wont make me stop liking this smartphone . i just love it . its very fast as well  .   but due to multi tasking feature it doesnt kill the processes which eventually consumes lot of ram . it would be better to have auto task killing process after some limit  .   bought it for my dad and he is enjoying using it . good phone with many useful features and apps . will recommend it  .   nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop, nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop, nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop . it does everything the iphone does, but in a bigger package . i also enjoy the option the swap batteries when the primary gets low and bring over my entire music collection on my sd card . the camera is not as good as the iphone image wise, but makes up for it with its features . the motion motion commands really are handy too . like the flip over to mute calls and music, tap to go to the top of the list, and direct to call . don't worry about what others say about the cheap plastic . most of us put our phones in a hard case like ottorbox anyway . i was looking for a s3 to use with at&t and this phone worked great . i just cut my regular sized sim card down to size utilizing a video i watched on youtube, popped in the modified sim card and it worked great! love the phone . the only thing that was unexpected was the non-us ac wall adapter plug but they included a us to non-us adapter for it so i was able to use it, still . very satisfied customer  . quad core processor! and yes, everything moves smoothly and quickly on this phone . there may have a few delays here and there, but that's expected .   i have nothing to say but this phone is really awesome  . buy'em! it's fast and better than my samsung galaxy note . i should buy a note 2 since i love big phones .   this phone is excellent for android lovers, with a big beautiful screen (yes, it's pen tile, but in my daily use it has never bothered me) . the quad-core processor is fast and responsive, and the micro-sd card expansion is a welcome addition, in these times when sd card slots seem to be on the verge of extinction . the jelly bean update is available, making it even better  . i have very few complaints with it . it is a really excellent mobile device  .   me encanto el equipo, es super interactivo, util, practico y facil de manejar . just love it . still going through the process of learning how to appreciate all the features it has come with . one complain i have .   1) cannot take the full advantage of the phone because it does not work with us carriers . 2) the s talk feature is not as good as apple counterpart  .   the phone was delivered within the required time and in perfect condition . living in europe, it was important for it to be unlocked and i have had absolutely no issues using it . getting to grips with the phone is super easy - very instinctive . love it  .   very good experience, i recommend it widely, the shipment arrived on time . unfortunately, instead i received the item in an open box broken seal which assumed to be used . the item has some minor problems such intermittent flickering and i have to tap hard on the screen to execute programs which i can live with since i have to leave out of country and don't have time to send it back and get another one . the problem was reported immediately after i received unit, but the seller never replied back . the shipping was good and delivered on time  . the international version is much better that the us version . it so much faster when you stream on youtube, and the screen is resolution is so much better . the international version is supported by a quad-core processor, not dual core as the us version . don't be fooled by the fact that the us version comes with 2 gigs of ram, because the quad-core processor of the international version still makes the performance much better even with one gig of ram . i hate amazon because i was fooled by one of its garbage sellers  . all the features of the phone works perfectly . recommended already to a lot of people  .   got my s111 in no time at all & just as described but even better  . not difficult to operate just sooooo much in such a small sleek gadget!ha!i will never want or ever need anything else in a cellphone . buyers beware the phone is not supported by samsung us . my just phone died after 5 months of use and now i have spent almost 5 hours of chatting and calling different folks from samsung and no one would take responsibly . i just opened, connect my micro chip and begun to udes it! delivery time was amazing (less than i expected); i received all accesories and i registred the phone in samsung web so it is original  .   item was received on timely basis . excellent product , that i would hughly recommend to anyone , as well as the overall experoence w/ the order .   amazed! this is a great phone/tablet/computer/etc, etc, etc  .   i just loved it! the phone itself just like many other gadgets, need some improvements, the screen may be hard to see during the daylight and if you let it to get adjusted automatically the battery will go down faster . but after all it is a great device  .   fast, nice screen and the battery does last .1 right now and i cant complain . try to avoid generic usb cables to charge it, i noticed that in some cases it "charges" but is minimal and at the end i was still losing battery while charging under generic cables  . i liked the ease of using the iphone but didn't like the fact that i didn't have flexibility in terms of adding memory or replacing battery . also, the only problem i had with my iphone was deteriorating battery life but there was no way of changing it expect paying the high charges . the intent of review is not to bash apple but as i have been an user i will compare the 2 phones . - ease of use i think apple is still ahead in the area but not by much, there is a bit of learning curve with android and it took me a couple of days to get used to it . also, answering the phone is more intuitive on iphone . however, one of the best features of galaxy is the drop down notification bar . i love that i can switch to the airplane mode or disable wifi w/o pressing 4 buttons . also, iphone fits better in smaller hands but for me galaxy is not a problem . the best feature is that it doesn't force auto-complete down your throat . i am bi-lingual and this is a great feature when i am using my mother tongue . also, in the swype mode galaxy does a pretty good job of providing context based suggestions . - display and sound i don't care for retina display, galaxy is the winner for me . i get most apps on both platforms and to be honest i am not a very app intensive person . kies is pretty hopeless - photos: iphone does a better job with stills and galaxy does a better job with movies . galaxy really suffers when taking shots in the dark . the flash makes the pictures look a little weird color wise . - call quality galaxy is clearer for me overall, i am having been using google products for many years now and for me android integration with google is a big plus  .   no complains about it, it delivered and works perfectly without any flaws, just as advertised . this phone is a master piece compare to all the phone i used . it is user's friendly and easy to use . i am proud to recommend this phone to anyone - it is perfect in every ways  .   beware of buying this product, it's very likely to suffer the sudden death syndrome (google about it), and no warranty is honored neither by the store nor samsung for the international version . their warranty model is just a joke  .   i brought this cell phone for myself and i love it . it came on time, unlocked and ready to use here in mexico . i took the sim card from my iphone 4s and inserted it along with a 64 gb sd card and turned on the phone and it has worked flawlessly on the telcel network . amazon did a great job .   i love this phone . i honestly haven't found anything to be disappointed with yet  .   my olnly compliant is about the battery, it doesn't last long, the phone works very good and is impressive at all  .   i had a blackberry 9790, and i bought two week ago this samsung, it's amazing, i think it has a big screen, works very well, my battery works excelente, it's amazing smartphone, it interface its lighter for use  .   i found this device in amazon market place and i loved it at first . and price was awesome  .   i expect enjoy it for long time . the phone i purchased works perfectly with the carrier i intended to use it on . now i have a top of the line phone with an unlimited phone/data plan at only $46 . the good is not working properly, as an example, when i tap de screen as to open an item for my mail, picture, file, etc .   the best mobile in market now . the music quality is also good  . i suppose it was a 4 g device, i didn't find the the right spec when i bought, but when came the valuation from amazon, about the purchase it was absolutily clear . why it was not clear before  . exposed to ridiculous humidity for the last couple years and so far its only had to be dried out a couple of nights . damn fine product  .   amazing phone .i fully recommend this product, totally worth every dollar spent on it . i love it .   i think it's a good quality product . i will be able to evaluate both products and see if this exceeds the phone galaxy 3 bb . i think it was a good buy . i recommend it  . it comes with a weird german (?) wall plug . since the plug is changeable, just hoped to be warned and have the option to buy the correct one, instead of that huge adapter . besides that, great product and arrived as expected  .   i love this phone . after 6 months of ownership, i got in love with this phone . it's always fast and responsive . the display is amazing, really good colors, brightness and resolution . it takes really good pictures, and panoramic pictures are amazing . it was everything it said it was going to be and more, it's incredibly awesome and beautiful . best cell phone i have ever purchased, would recommend this to my friends anytime  .   this phone is awesome, and works perfectly  .   i really love samsung, they made incredible stuff and of a very high quality  . the best i've ever had . the android system is superb: great apps, notification system, integration . the phone is fast, great camera and screen (size and picture quality) i love it  .   almost flawless in that it has only german text assistance available . love the fm radio feature .   the phone itself is good and i really love it, and it is unlocked (it works fine in different countries), but every time it reboots, it starts with the t-mobile screen and then loads the android . the company who is selling the phones is cheating, they sell some unlocked phones as an international version, don't buy from them! other than that, the phone is great  .   this is the best phone nowadays  .   i just love it  .   it is a fantastic electronic device  .   wonderful item  .   thank you . the phone is good so far, my only problem is the sim slot is too small . it's a cool phone . this is the best cell phone i have ever seen . it works so fast .i think it is better iphone . love samsung！ . i like this better than the earlier iphone 4s we have . i love the all the device integration features to connect to other blue tooth or wifi enabled devices . although the connection to my car's bluetooth keep failing every now and then and i have to keep removing and adding the phone back to make it work . i wonder a software update will fix it . all in all, i am enjoying this phone   .   funciona perfecto, cunple con todas las especificaciones, se actualiz' a jb enseguida sin problemas .   just perfect  .   thanks, it was just like it said in the offer . best regards . a masterpiece, you will love it .   the best phone i ever have  .   this is much better  .   i love the phone it is very useful very modern phone, it is controlling the market i already recommended to my friends .   compre dos y los enviaron super rapido y en tiempo record  .   en venezuela con movistar que es con quien tengo la linea funcionan super bien  . positives: pretty design, great screen quality, apps very functional . people complain about the size, but you know that you are buying it . at least i can read well some files  .   amazing item ad and excellent gift to give to any body and looks very fine article to buy any time, and excellent gadget . i was really worried about buying this phone because of the reviews, but so far it's been wonderful! i even bought another one for a gift . so i totally recommend it, its a great phone . overall, it is na amazing device and i am very satisfied  .   best phone of this year . better than buying a diamond ring . samsung has won 2012  .   there was some confusion because the description describes the north american s3 . the phone works great . just recently upgraded to jelly bean via kies update (no flashing or installing custom os required) . awesome phone  .   i love it, it's the best phone in the market, it has thousands of apps att the androide market, the price worth it . i had a problem with the phone yesterday . i have tried everything on it, connect to the computer, connect to other electricity outlets at home, in my work, took out the battery and let it cool down, hard reset, etc  . nothing on the screen, no led indicator . i will take it to technical service today, but so far i have read in the internet that this is not an isolated case  .   seems that there are a lot of cases identical to mine, and apparently it's a factory defect, which will probably cost a couple hundreds of usd (because the lack of a warranty to cover this issues) .   i am really sorry that my sim card did not fit the slot . my sim card is large and the siii slot is for a small size sim card . also, the package only includes a uk adaptor, no other adapters, like for u . i hope that i can have a smaller sim card made to fit the slot by my cell phone service provider . the siii does appear to be a great phone . i hope that i can get the sim card problem resolved  . unfortunately, i dropped it on the floor few days ago, and cannot make it work anymore . do you know where is the official repair store here? i've tried very hard for finding any resources online, and still cannot find it .   i love it! i am not a big fan of apple because of the way they lock their software and in all honestly i hate itunes  .   i got used to android and absolutely loved this phone! great functionality, awesome screen and it just does a lot . i recently changed it for an iphone 5 because i got the iphone from work, but i do miss my galaxy 3 . siri is better on the iphone, i'll give apple that, but on the rest, i'll stick to the galaxy, for sure  . please email me to resolve this issue  .   i choose good, because now i have a trouble with usb connect and charge of the battery, i think i have to buy a new battery and a new usb connector  .   in the title of the publication they said this was a i9300 samsung galaxy siii, but they sent me a sgh-t999 sgs3 in a fake box without the headphones . the phone is really good, but even so i'm disapointed  . camear super  . good price for this features  . great phone, i got it to my brother and he just loved it the phone arrived fast and i loved the service . this brand outdoes himself again, this phone will not let me down so far, excellent, fast and versatile, good screen size and excellent   . every fuctions she loves this phone  . great phone  .   the best phone ever . is just a great phone easy to use and has everything you need in a smartphone . it is a good product meets specifications, is good quality and best price is even worth it . recommended 100%  .   love the screen, size, weight of this phone . i strongly recommend it though i still have to make use of the nfc feature  .   tris is the best phone in this moment, have all function andas more, i recommended totally i hope continue perfect . pros: awesome features quad core large battery con: worst design cool phone but a bit ovrpriced  .  but far better than its competitors  . i bought it just 4 months ago and it just died for no apparent reason . i contacted samsung usa, samsung uk and samsung mexico just to be said that the item was bought in the us so it isn't covered by uk or mexico and samsung us said that as it was an international version not sold in the us it wasn't supported either! i just lost my $700 usd i spent in this item  .   samsung galaxy s3 has been having lots of hardware problems, to fix mine will cost $500 usd to replace the motherboard not worth it  .   warning  .   love the phone . wasn't too happy that the seal was broken or that the box was left outside my house  .   amazing phone, easy to use . it feel good in the pocket though it seems quite big . the best thing is the camera  .   needless to say the gift was a success . my husband loved it and i feel happy every time i see him play with it . it is not my cup of tea but my hubby likes to experiment and such so he will work with it  . took this phone to my wireless provider and was told it was not supported by their system and was told only att was compatible . went home and started searching on the net and most reviews i found said it was not very compatible with att so returned phone . big screen, smart, and had a lot of free good apps . like another smartphones the batery go end very fast if you turn on gps, internet wi fi etc  .   it's probably not samsung's fault, but the same version (s3 for 4g lte verizon) on vzw doesn't crashed all the time  .   i bought this phone for a friend, and he really like the phone, but he has had issues with the camera . which is annoying because he has to download the apps and put the contacts back . love the phone, it's fast and the screen is very clear . the size is excellent and not heavy . this is an european version and require correct adopter to recharge . fortunately for me, i have an universal mobile charger that works on this phone as well . what i like about this phone: fast, efficient speed processor . smooth and easy navigation . my hands are quite small and was reluctant of holding this size screen size phone when i got it a month ago . now, i became comfortable holding the galaxy s3 . i also liked the battery life-it last quite long . i also found out through t mobile technical support that my data will be around 2g~3g speed but that didn't stop me from purchasing the unlocked samsung galaxy s3: i just didn't want to tie to a contract and i will stay with t mobile after my contract is fulfilled . for what i do, the data speed was not that bad and i use primarily in wifi environment . what i don't like and would like to improve: the screen is quite dim-the iphones screen display is better in my opinion and that is why i gave 4 star out of 5  .   got this thing from hassle free cell . everything is excellent only the battery life is a problem but thats the case with most of the cellphones . the only problem i had was that i got the instruction guide with the product in french . apart from that its awesome  .   nice piece of tech, powerful, nice camera and nice screen but just like some people say it feels kinda plastic but with a nice cover it doesn't really bother me  .   the phone came in good conditions and like discribed on the page .   really a awesome phone . i'm in love with it .   just buy the product if you really want to loose your money . the phone its a good camera . a lot of bugs  .   i got my phone right before i was about to travel . it worked overseas like a charm . i recommend this phone to anyone that loves to make their life easier  .   chegou no prazo e super bem embalado . i am happy i did . so faster and confortable i bought it and in two weeks i recived it, work vert good and so easy to use . fast, and everything worked as advertised . the only problem is it only worked for 4 months . went dead for no apparent reason, and there is no procedure do bring it back (doesn't even go into download mode) . neither samsung brazil nor usa will honor the warranty, so i am left with an expensive paper weight .   the product arrived in ex celent conditions, with all accesories, the phone is in perfect con di tions , and on time . quad core is better than dual core  . excellent screen, very resistent . perfect screen size flash support customizable cons . svoice doesn't works in spanish is not ergonomic . a worth for the money, i have already placed an order for the s3 mini for my wife . i love it  .   strongly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new, cutting-edge device . its systems and apps work very well, the device is light (especially considering its size) and resistant, in spite of its frail, cheap appearence .   when my bro came to my house he always talk about with this phone on how it amazes him every day  .   now this is called a smart phone . it is a smart companion, rather than being just a phone! it can sense when to lock itself, all the motion sensors & smart tasks . i love this  .   like: it has an awesome screen, lots of apps, widgets . dislike: i was an iphone user for a few years and i miss how easy it was to have everything in sync with my mac and ipad . this smartphone is great for anyone who is willing to invest a few hours configuring it . once you do that is perfect  . if you are in the market for a smart phone, this should not be perceived as an old technology, it is not, it still is competing with only one or two devices that have just come out on the market .   got this for my brother, and he love it . phone work fine and nothing bad to it . not like the other one i buy it . love it, it has a big screen i can change the font to help with reading fine print its fast and feels good in my hand slim but something to grab on to the only negative is its not just plug in and download photos you have to download a program or use a chip to move photos its not complicated but i prefer just plug and go like my other phones . "this if phone is great, awsome, thebest , switching from an iphone 4s to this phone is simply the best  . has worked flawless, i am using the the two s3 phones with straight talk here in el paso texas and it works great, i get average speeds of 7mbps, pretty much i dont miss using lte speeds, 7mbps is good enough for my needs . a lot of features, big screen, . i am agree with this purchase, the item came in perfect conditions, at time, the specifications are according with the product in the page . they were some customers complaining of receiving the american version which have the dual core processor instead of the quad core one, but i got the correct one . by the time i had gotten the phone the update for jelly bean was ready to be download and install, since it came with icecream sandwich . over all i like the phone the only concern is battery life and i have taken some steps to try and fix that  .   after i got it i was super excited to use it, but first off i had verizon and no mini simcard to insert from my old smart phone . but at&t and t-mobile would be ideal for the phone if you bring it to your carrier's store  .   this phone is amazing, it really makes all other phones look obsolete! i've had it for 3 weeks and now all other phones (including, and especially iphones) look ridiculous! the screen size and resolution is amazing and it works perfectly fine . the product got to me on time and is in perfect conditions . completely recommend the seller and the phone! :) .   very light and great performance . good look and high quality videos & photos, free apps, and much more  . it is a big phone . i myself find the screen size very useful, but if you have small hands or don't have a fancy for big phones, this isn't for you . operating system is fast; if you have previously owned an iphone you will find it quite easy to shift toward an android platform . headphones have a good sound to them as long as you are standing still . if you're a jogger, you will find that the cable transmit every little tapping sound right back to your inner ear . excellent camera: takes beautiful pictures and comes with several different shutter modes, including a panorama software . many of the apps are free on the google play store . overall, it's a pretty good phone . i used a blackberry for years and, at times, i miss it . the galaxy 3 is a great phone, among many other things; too many for me . the only thing that sometimes annoys me is that it decides to do things spontaneously . editing and erasing stuff is not obvious, although there is vast amount of support on the web . i'm enjoying it  . 2 of them are excellent one of them stop working after 1 month of use .   it is simply amazing, great design, lightweight, very thin, ultra fast, longer battery life compared to others, sd slot, nfc, quad core, hd display . the gestures control from samsung gives you a better control and interface over other androids an ios phones . it may be expensive, but i worth it  .   lost by ups waiting for another one sent by dealer . retailer should atomatically send another one when one is lost by the carrier  .   you must buy it! go go go now! you will be very glad with this smartphone all the app works really good . they refused  .   i am really loving this phone . the only complaint that i have on this phone, is that you have to have a samsung printer if you want to print anything from this phone  .   i highly recommend this phone  .   hi, the phone work fine but it has any scratch in the borders for the rest working very nice . it was the only bad  . this phone was an upgrade from a nexus one and i couldn't be happier with my purchase . it's fast, has a great battery life and a beautiful screen . everyday i discover more features and reasons to be happy with my purchase .   it's great phone . nice sleek design and responsive touchscreen . very easy to transfer files from pc and mac  .   i have had many many other smart phones but this is so smooth and awesome phone yet . only once my son did something and it was stuck but very easy, i went to task manager and click to cancel that app and it was fixed . the best phone ever . please keep up the good work  . translation is beautiful, works perfect . i like it . arrived in good condition . i recommend it  .   i had zero problems with my transaction with seller . my phone arrived exactly when i was told it would and in perfect condition! it is exactly what i ordered, and i couldn't be happier! the galaxy s3 is an amazing phone, with fantastic battery life . my only complaint about this phone is with picture taking  .   my old phone had a button on the side that made it easy to hold and click for pictures . with the s3, you have to click in the lower middle phone screen to take a pic, and it's awkward to hold and click if you are taking a front facing picture .   love, love, love my phone . i've had it for a couple weeks now and wonder how i ever managed without it before . i have to say this phone is the perfect mix between fashion and power, it's just an awesome phone  . couple of things for the people that wants an easy-to-use phone . otherwise if you like a a phone that has less things to do and almost ready to use out-of-the-box then you need to look at another option . there is no high quality headphones with mic and remote control yet that work with this phone . that is a thing to consider if you are seeking for a good music sound . just love that  .   the phone is fun and better than iphone . lots of fun things to play with and more free apps (while iphone apps need to pay) .  or i guess tmobile just sucks  .   everybody enjoys upgrading their phone or we wouldn't upgrade, would we? of all my phone upgrades, this one is my favorite - from galaxy s2 to'samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300 factory unlocked phone - international version (pebble blue) . there is a huge improvement in wait time at boot up and that includes comparison with other phones that don't have carrier software/bloatware . overall, my expectations have been more than exceeded in the areas of: speed response gorgeous screen giving better google navigation experience as well as movies, etc . better size and shape feels more durable and less like plastic improved intuitiveness i let google and amazon backups restore/install to my new phone and everything was seamless except for one thing . where oh where did the microphone key go on the keyboard? i love to dictate just about everything! oh no! it took me 30 minutes to find the answer . this phone requires a micro sim and i let a friend with a micro sim cutter cut it rather than following the youtube videos on how to cut yours with a knife or scissors . the micro sim cutter looks like a hold bunch and really makes sure everything goes well . amazon sells them as well'noosy [2nd generation] micro sim cutter, with 2 sim adapters (color: black or silver)'and/or'icoolkit new iphone nano sim card to micro /stander/ full sim card tray adapter holder'which i think is well worth the money if you don't have a friend that already purchased one . i just adore how i can customize and optimize phone to my usage and preferences . with all my other upgrades, i have held the phone and asked myself "is this worth the $$$ to upgrade to this phone?" and after careful consideration i decide yes but just barely .   am still discovering the features and have no complaints at all . best buy ever  .   i absolutely love my siii . size took a while getting used to though because i have small hands but all in all it was worth the buy  .   the only other issue though was that the sim card from my carrier was too big for the micro sim slot, so i had to cut it down to size by removing the excess plastic surrounding it  .   loved it . but a lot of apps keep crashing during rotation of screen . skype is the worst of all . gmail app is unable to push notifications . whether it is a problem with current android version or the apps is a different question altogether .   err, sometimes feels irritating to have those problems with a "smart" phone  .   it's a good smartphone . it's fast, beautiful and slim . the seller is very good too . very fast and professional . this is an excellent product, the best cellular than i've ever had this is another world . basically this is my first smart phone, so for me this phone is like out of this world . i just enjoy the android apps on this and also the web surfing experience is truly amazing  .   product "international version" seems to mean no samsung support and no samsung warranty . surge telecom is less than useless they seem to not care . a product on there site talks about a bad component in the s3 international and offers a product that they claim to correct it . she wanted a smartphone so i got her something that had a good review with reasonable price and big screen size for her bad sight . as i was using it, it was very complicated since access to the setting was not so friendly . to parents like mine have little knowledge or sense for that . do not recommend it for parents if you are merely getting it for the size of its screen . yes, for me, i think it's pretty decent device to use where you can do so many things  . it is in many respects superior to the iphone but because of the many versions of phones using android os, the android os lags behind in apps that do audio like guitar amp simulaton software . the larger screen is a big plus for me . it's sharp, bright and the colors accurate and well saturated . the 8 megapixel camera is as good as many point shoot stand alone cameras . this thing is solid and can take licking . i haven't tried it myself but if you look up the torture test on cnet's "always on" program with molly wood . all in all, it is an impressive phone  .   many thanks for your commitment with this product . my wife love it, all the items arrived without any problem or defect .   for me it was the best phone i ever had so far, great graphics, excellent performance . i recommend to all who are in search of a good phone  .   love this phone! i switched from a droid 2 global with slider keyboard to this phone because i have been using my phone for tv-viewing on hulu plus, netflix, and other apps like those daily . i wanted a bigger screen size and better quality resolution of the video image . the camera is fantastic too! the photos come out great and anything i view looks clear and bright . don't be fooled: it is only videos you watch in their native viewer and does not work with hulu and netflix, etc . small sacrificed on my expectations for a great phone . oh, and the google play music cloud is amazing! i uploaded my 3,000 songs to the cloud and can now listen to them anytime from anywhere without taking up storage space on my phone .   this is by far is the best phone awesome speed and performance . i bought this phone for a friend and he is very satisfied with the purchase . very functional and nice looking phone . only issue is that the usb cord which is also used to charge the phone does not fit very well so when plugging to it sometimes losses connection . had to put a book on top of it so it would keep the weight and does not release the usb . but i broke my phone screen . how could i do? do you provide guarantee to repair my phone  .   the phone is one of the best smart phones ever, but this international version isnt what i was expecting . it isnt a real problem because adapters can be used but i was really surprised  . it is better than iphone . i love it  .   i definitely recommend this phone . it comes with the same bloatware that's installed on most phones these days, but samsung did us a favor by shipping with an unlocked bootloader, so if you're technically skilled you can install cyanogenmod on it . i would be quite unhappy if i ordered it and received the locked at&t version as some reviewers here are describing  . anyways, he's very satisfied with the phone . it has great reviews all around the web as one of the best cell phones in the market . it looks great too . the processor is very fast and the connectivity is great . i especially like the fact that you can expand the memory, unlike the iphone in which you can't . this is a very nice product . highly recommended  .   excellent phone also come on time, better than any other smart phone i had before excellent and exactely as was described on line, very glad  .   samsung just created great device . its easy to use and loveable :) love to have galaxy s iii . the phone is beautiful, feels great in my hand and fun to use . i hate predictive words takes me longer to write because i have to go back and delete . this phone is really great and coming from the htc g2 to this was an easy transition . however with t-mobile, it will only work on edge not 3g or 4g; didn't know that . however, i returned the phone and i knew there would be a restocking fee applied, but $55 is unnecessarily steep and considering the return address is someone's house is a little ridiculous .   at first, i felt guilty for spending so much on a cellphone, but i really wanted it and needed a good and new device . it was delivered even before the estimated date and everything was perfectly in place . it's easy to use and has many options i think are amazing and fun, like sharing photos by just touching the back of the phones, instant sharing when you take a picture, calling a contact by simply putting the phone on your ear, watching videos while using some other thing on your phone, and many others . it doesn't even feel like you have a phone in your pocket . it's extremely thin and fits right in your hand . the big screen is better than the small iphone/ipod ones . the camera has an amazing quality and the photos look gorgeous . i highly recommend this item for anyone who's willing to spend some extra money on a quality phone  .   hi i just want to mention that this international version supports only edge not 3g or 4g with t mobile connection . please be aware, i am not sure if there is any other way to make it work on 3g . it is fast delivery and it is running good now . thank you very much . fantastic smartphone . the best one . much better than iphone 4s (i had one) . sorry about my english, i'm from brazil  . very fast abd with it, you always will be connected . everyone who buy this phone will enjoy it  . the phone lives up to all the specifications only negative is its battery live . i would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a serious android phone  .   im really happy with this phone, it looks great, runs fastest, its like a computer . the battery its great even when its so powerfull . theres more, if you like playing around with kernel roms, then this is your beacause you can easyly root it and start tweaking around  .   excelente compra, es garantizada, posee todas las funciones que un smart phone debe tener .   great phone, currently using with unlimited data plan on at&t hspa+, this will not work with tmobile hspa+ in most areas since it lacks 1700 aws band (t mobile is currently rolling out 1900 for international phones and iphone users and plans to use 1700 for lte in the future) . this phone is great but i took 1 star for lack of exynos sources . touch wiz on ics is slow but is pretty fast on jellybean  . just tired of the whole apple monopoly and arrogance . phone worked great out of the box with extra directions from shipper . using straight talk with no difficulty in getting that setup  .   great phone  .   best galaxy ever, best phone in the market! i was between this and the i5, i decided for the s3 because of the screen and the so . i love my phone . after 4 hours of using the s3, the phone fell from me and the screen is not working any more .it was an easy fall though . they direct me to cpr store in mountain view,ca and they told me that the store will fix it for free if it is not a physical damage . when i contacted samsung us,they said they do not support the international phone version . - i contacted hassel free again they said ooh you should contact samsung uk :( samsung: -i contact samsung us they said that the phone is not under thier warranty, they support only the phone that is only for the us market  .guess what the number was fake  .   hahahaha - i go to chat with their ******* support team, they direct me to samsung india . - samsung india said we do not support the device hahahaha . the conclusion is the follwing: - the store fool us on not showing that the device is supported only in uk . - samsung customer service is horrible, why do not they support their products where ever it is purchased from . all of the above is documented if any one need to learn about the issue furthermore  .   this is the best phone i ever had, it's just amazing how fast it is and how easy to use . like they said it's the iphone killer  .   i was concern about if this handset was a real factory unlock or not, but after test with two .it work perfectly . it seems is a "corean version" of the phone, but not problem with it . the international version work on most of the bands for other american countries  .   my phone got one automatic firmware update but still is working perfectly  .   the only gsiii issue is the weak logic control between wi-fi and 3g/hsdpa  .   it doesn't switch smooth as the iphone 4 . i hope this issue samsung fix it on next software release . met and has exceeded my expectations; especially being a previous owner of a blackberry . application space is significant! easy to use . takes beautiful pictures . though it is a bigger phone than the blackberry, it is light and still hold in a pocket .   i think the phone is better than iphone 5 . i enjoy everyday the amount of technology that the phone have  .   as to the unit, i am enjoying now  .  love it  .  very useful   .  unfortunately my headphone hasnt arrive yet because thats the only item that was not working well  . im confused as to why this is happening when it says in the description that it should have 3g or 4g . but the seller surge telecom i give 0 stars for sending me the wrong product . now they refuse to accept a return on it because its opened . how else would i know it was the wrong product if i didn't open it  . unfortunately, my experience with this s3 was the worst possible . i upgraded the android os, but was not helpful . so, the only solution was to return the item to the seller as samsung brazil refused to fix the problem here . a joke  . maybe iphone 5 or lumia 9200 will do better than s3 did  .   best price online, a lot better than iphone . i bought few months ago an iphone 4s but since i used the s3 i sold my 4s and change it for the s3, strongly recommended  .   this is the most fantastic mobile phone available in the world . i am very happy now using this product . i recomend it for everyone .very nice and net but i bought this phone for my wife she is a simple mobile customer talk and txt work perfect,but internet connection will drop every 10 min .i return this phone with respect  .   i already had some pretty high expectations when purchasing the gs3 . i had heard great things, but i had never used a samsung phone . i previously owned an iphone 4 and was simply tired of apple trying to disguise lack of innovation with their typical marketing gimmicks . here's what i thought about the gs3: the screen is bigger, it already can operate on 4g networks, the operating system was just as fast (if not faster) as ios and the camera took great quality pictures . and here's the kicker: the international unlocked version of this phone was nearly $200 dollars cheaper than the iphone 5 . for example, 'send message to steve: why doesn't s-voice work when i'm not connected to the internet?' this message would elicit the automated voice (from the drone woman living inside the phone) saying 'network unavailable .' again, this is the only disappointment thus far . overall i do not even slightly regret my purchase decision  .   this is the first time purchasing an unlocked phone and here was my experience: - awesome product! - it came brand new as described with whatever was supposed to come in the box . - after 7 years with at&t (and i never had any trouble with them) i ported one of my numbers and decided to go with straighttalk (available at walmart or [  .  ] - i purchased the $59 pack that included a $15 sim card (the packet came with three of them) and $45 of unlimited minutes, text and data for a month .   this phone is very good! i have the international version and it's really amazing! i highly recommend this phone! cheers  .   hi , i just want to say that i got the phone on time and in perfect shape the only problem i have was that the charger was not consist with my country (i needed a eu charger and i got us) thanks ido . fast shipment . nice phone . the only problem is phone does not come with an universal wall plug charger . cost wise bit costly, but it is worthy . this is probably the best phone out there . worth every penny  .   i have been really confused between iphone and galaxy s3 and did lot of research before making final decision . i am very happy with my galaxy s3 it is just amazing phone . my biggest worry before purchase was its size but actually i am very comfortable with its size, size is just right for me  . i received the french packaged version, and everything was in french, which is amazing as well . works with my vodafone uk, has great screen size, and is fast . overall it's a phenomenal device . so far so good  . therefore, though the product is excellent otherwise, i am disappointed for the battery part .1 jellybean, this phone just got a whole lot better and faster . jellybean does not support adobe flash, but just search xda-developers or google and you will find a flash file compatible with the galaxy s3 on jellybean that works quite fine .1: longer battery life smoother scrolling faster web browser google now more available ram user experience has been polished on a whole the only negative point is when u open the menu, there is a lag if u hit the widgets tab and start to scroll immediately, hurts my eyes, but besides that i can think of nothing else . 5 stars deserved, good work samsung . if anyone has any questions, feel free to ask . delivery was prompt and in excellent condition . i recomend it for all amazon buyers . very surprised by the poor service from this seller and amazon, we buy this cellphone and a month of using the phone stopped charging, i wrote to the supplier and amazon to apply the guarantee but referred me to contact samsung, samsung told me they apply the warranty only to phones purchased in her page directly . it was very disappoinedbecause anyone fix me the problem and i paid for a very expensive phone  .   i had a great purchase experience! plus the product delivers what it promises! i always had iphones, but right now things seems easier to do and also much quicker, due to its processor . off course it has its cons against the other phone, but still very good product . only real bad thing about it is battery life, it is almost short as the other phone . but the great thing about this phone is that gives you the option to have an extra battery . all in all it's worth it  .   the phone works fine and you basicly dont need a laptop or cpu no more because the galaxy does it all  .  its fast and the picture taking is great  .  its way better then the iphone 4 or 5   .   product arrived on time, brand new and in excellent condition . my daughter really enjoys this phone, she likes better than iphone . thank you  . excelente equipo l'stima que en mi pa's aun no funciona 4g (venezuela), es tan potente como dicen, muy superior s la competencia iphone 5 . only small sim card works . doesn't work with all companies . i am so frustrated  . when it worked, it was great & i loved it .00 smart phone is now dumb & i hate that it doesn't work! i can only make & receive calls (maybe) . at&t is unable to get my phone to work properly, 4 calls to customer service & 2 times at at&t store with no resolution . so buyer beware, you may have problems with the unlocked international phone on at&t or t-mobile .   what i purchased from amazon (looking at my printed order as i type this) was, "samsung galaxy s3 unlocked gsm smart phone (pebble blue) . when i opened the package from global mobiles, i found european charger, us adaptor, german & english language instructions booklets, german apps, german voice recognition, and some typed instructions on how to get phone to work on us cell service . well i'm not a techno geek, so this was a little puzzling for me to figure out quickly & easily . however, i was disappointed in the representation of this product . it took myself & the at&t rep almost an hour to get the phone working correctly & remove german language issues for the voice recognition . the one big drawback so far (aside from the initial stuff) the battery life is not so great & i have it on battery saving mode . is there a solution for this battery issue? otherwise, this is a great phone . another big plus, i'm not locked into a contract & don't have all the bloatware that cell providers think you need & want . so far, i'm happy with the phone & when i figure out all it can do, i'll love it . i also think the unlocked international version is probably the better version . also, i have been unable to find the user manual for the gt-19300 .   i love the phone, but i dont understand why it doesnt have the "samsung galaxy s3"written on the back, like a tmobile phone would ? does it mean anything   . this is by far the best cel phone i've ever had! excellent product, i totally recommendit! there are so many features on it, i'm positively surprised  .   i'm a previous iphone user but i just fell in love with this cel phone . the only drawback is that it is a little too big . i'm a girl, so i just put it in my purse and the problem is solved, but for a guy i must admit that it can be tricky to put it in one's pocket . also, for those living in south america, let me tell you it works perfectly with claro, although you may need to buy a micro sim card if you don't already own one  .   i love the performance, and the functionality . the screen protector is still applied to the screen so you can't really see an inside crack  .  the glass is fine but i can see two short lines on the screen . i was telling myself that i have got to get a case for this phone asap before it got dropped since the quality is so cheaply made  .   unluckily, it got dropped and now i am screwed :( . good lucky people, protect this phone while you can  .   i just got the phone and i'm very happy with it . is very fast and i love the led display . the phone is very small and light which is very good . the only bad thing is, i'm using t-mobile as a carrier and with that you will not get 4g speed, only e . i just got my new phone and i'm loving it . the shipment was really quick, and the phone is in perfect conditions  . i would consider to return the device, sadly i had not enough time until i got back to peru . always love the iphone but since i have bought the samsung galaxy s3 i realize that i love love love it . great phone with great features and apps for a great price . i recommend it to everyone  .   excellent as expected . very fast phone and the best android phone so far . i already installed jelly bean and i'm loving it . i noticed that it consumes a lot of battery if you use most of the features like sensor, wifi, gps and gaming . just maximize your battery by turning on all power saving features, lower the brightness of the screen and use dark wall paper . i hope i don't encounter any problem with the phone since it's been excellent so far . i noticed though that upon unlocking your device when you press the power button the screen has a delay and will not lit up immediately unlike other htc phones that i have  .   nothing like samsung galaxy s3 - it beats all my expectations! i was a s2 user and was already convinced about s3 . the phone is worth every penny  . prices will go up as sales decline, and so will taxes thanks to the elected big government advocates and those who keep them in office . i simply have nothing to benefit from amazon's business anymore . worldwide distributors is a marketplace vendor for amazon and is also a good reason to find another source for your cell phone needs . for some reason it takes four days for this company to prepare its shipments when bigger companies often have my orders shipped out on the very same day . i then asked them to send my package with usps since both fedex and ups have a record of losing my packages, but some companies have no concern for your needs despite the little statement they send out saying: "our goal is for you to be completely satisfied with this transaction" . uh, well, this is the curt reply i received back to my request: "we do not ship this item via usps, it will be shipped fedex for international and ups for states thank you ." yep, that is a real attempt to satisfy a customer . no? so now i have to wait for nearly two weeks for this item to arrive after its excursion across the us because worldwide distributors is too cheap to take a couple of dollars of the huge profit they are making off this sale and provide overnight or second day service as they would do for their friends . now under the care of ups, the chances of this high interest item getting lost are tripled when it passes through the notoriously evil downtown la distribution center . ever wondered why your ups packages look so beat up when delivered? so, worldwide distributors, don't ever expect to get any favorable review from me . it is highly praised for its abilities, many of which are better than what the iphone is capable of, and covered to a greater extent by real experts . so you won't really benefit from a review of this item by me, and i will only update if ups loses my phone, or if the phone worldwide distributors sends me turns out to be a real piece of useless trash  .   i bought this phone because i like being untethered as opposed to the iphone total lock down . looking at it online it seemed a little big but after i got it in realised how sleek and nice it feels in the hand and pocket . it is really fast, smooth and feature rich . as with all android phones it is supported by 600,0000 applications . the best part about this is that all the features now available on the iphone 5 were on the galaxy long before . but this galaxy s3 provided so many advanced features that i'm still learning . its big screen and its abilities to magnifying small details on pictures really help me explaining to my friends . i am currently 14 days into using this phone and i have to say that i am loving it . this means i am on a gs3 with a 41$/mo unlimited everything plan . in case you're worried, you will not see problems with overages because this phone does wireless so well you will almost never use data mbs . love this phone, and it can be had for a reasonable amount, with no contract . even if you can't get into this phone for the full 600 and have to go with a carrier for a cheaper phone, do it . this is the phone that will get you through the next 3 years without costing that much more and with everything you need to be cool and informed . things i don't love: camera should be 12 mps to really make this phone shine the manual should have something about how you shouldn't put a screen protector on a gs3 and why overpriced, samsung should be offering this phone with 64 gbs not 16 for this price . i've owned many phones throughout the years; this is, by far, the best phone ever . i have absolutely no negative feedback for it . the screen is huge, every time i look at someone else's phone, i think to myself, it's so small! i am pretty sure i could download every app available and never run out of space . it's internet is faster than my laptop's internet . it looks expensive and impressive . :) edit>>>> first of all, the other reviewer is correct, the phone is in french with french applications, but i felt like that was not so difficult to fix . you will only be able to use samsung's french customer service though, good luck with that, haha . so, even though this is a 4g capable phone, you will not be able to take advantage of that . i did not see this anywhere on the product information page and i believe this is very important for you to know before you make your purchase .   perfect phone . it's fast, light and has a very good battery life .   received the phone fast and without trouble . would definitely recommend this to others in search of a phone and place to buy . my only grievance was that the charger that came with the phone was with the european socket and that the adapter (nice gesture) that was there did not work . fortunately my old phone was an android as well and so the phone could still be charged . choose s3 and enjoy it . strongly recommend to buy external microsdhc card with this phone . also if you have a samsung smart tv you will see more benefits of s3  .   amazing cellphone, but i didn't know that this t-mobile phone only have 2 cores (1,5 ghz :/ ) if i knew that i would bought another model with 4 cores (1,4 ghz)  . this is the best phone that i have ever owned . the best thing about this phone is i don't think i'll have to buy a new phone for a long time  . it has it all and it is even better on the android market . very fast web browsing and cool screen  .   the celphone is working great in panam' . thank for your rapid delivery . the only problem is that you send the wrong electrical charging cord . just bought this phone and this is what i think: 1/pro: nice phone with large screen . nice color, fast android operating sys . there're alot of apps running in the back cause the battery drain quick (need to know how to close them) . i loved this phone initially, but within 3 weeks the phone stopped working .   the top of android smart phones, not an astounding apple device but like pc does the work excellent and interfacing with all, recommended  .   this truly is a great device, but sadly i've received one that has the cellular problem . and if left connected for about 10 seconds the call will drop and i will loose connection from the cellular network for a min .   the problem persists . im certain that it's a hardware problem because if you tap the back of the phone you can sometimes hear the audio cutting in and out .   but thats a bit difficult in my situation as i live in the cayman islands . other than that pesky problem i love my s3  .   this is a great device . nice with powerful applications  .   welcome galaxy s iii  . i got the galaxy s3, nice phone the screen is very very nice . is a super toy . however, i had to return it since the galaxy s3 has some issues you may get at the beggining or later on . nice you will not be able to recieve calls . this seems to be a popular bug with samsung . finally the screen burns when you use it for a while . probably mine was a defective one but samsung support or the seller support on amazon is terrible . i guess i will spend a few more dollars but will get and iphone, maybe not as nice as samsung but at least works  .   at the time of this review this is the best android smartphone . those familiar with android will find all usual features, in a fast responding hardware, a beautiful large screen and a very thin and slick profile . also some nice samsung widgets and apps that come with it make initial configuration quick . the phone came unlocked and i was able to use my sim card without any additional steps, besides the fact that it had to be converted into a microsim using my knife :) only one surprise when i got it - the phone came pre-configured for the german market, including language settings and some local bloatware . a few points worth mentioning: speed - i have had quite a few android devices, phones and tablets - this is the fastest and smoothest one by far . s-voice (siri equivalent) - pretty much worthless at this point  .   contacts - i liked the additional options in the samsung version, such as merging various user profiles (facebook, google, skype etc) into one contact . sound - seems that the sound quality and max volume in the headphones are better than other devices i have/had . it has a barometer, it's nice to have, still trying to find uses for it  .   it is pretty qualified phone . i used to use iphone 4s, the quality are similar, but one negative thing for this phone is that it is very light for me . overall this phone is as excellent as iphone 4s . after a few weeks using the phone i can say, that this is very nice, powerful and pretty . the motion gestures are very nice for lots os things very well thought . the eye monitoring is helpful, the battery takes 1 and a half day easily full usage for work, but it can take longer a full business day even if you are a maniac =) . actually the phone is the model at&t sgh-i747 instead of the international version i9300, as described! they are quite different, starting with different cpu, language possibles to work with, 3g vs . looks like this product is not genuine if it is manufactured in china . buy the correct one  .   i own a galaxy nexus - the google phone - and love it . anyway, my wife needed a phone and was upgrading from the original droid that she hated and could never really figure out . i was tempted to get her another nexus, but figured i'd splurge and try this one out since it's the big thing right now . what a great device . my wife, who was afraid of the phone going in - she thought it would be too techy for her especially after her droid experience - absolutely loves it . right off she was figuring out things for herself and settling right in . now, i could quibble about the size of the phone . it's even bigger than the nexus, which i find a bit large . however, if you are buying the phone, i will assume you know how big it is . the large size makes it solid for texting and browsing, but it is noticeable in your pocket . if you want a big screen, then you can't complain about the size, can you . the latest version of android has petty much closed the gap with ios . dead simple and very intuitive  .   wow! this is complicated for a person who isn't up to date with technical qualifications . i love my galaxy and continue to fumble my way through . handy not to carry a separate camera around . i wonder how to work the voice command  .   the size of the screen is really nice and it's easy to use the keyboard .   really good phone . awesome freatures . will become even better on recieveing jelly bean update . huge screen, great support and awesome app from play store  .   i got galaxy s3 as gift for my bro and he simply loved it :) :)   .   the phone is excellent as we all know and i got good deal on amazon compared to market value . i was able to track the product and it was delivered exactly on the date promised by the seller . only drawback i guess would be if you buy it from store you will be getting an extra battery along with mobile charger which wasn provided by the seller but then just for one extra battery you will be paying easily 200bucks more in shop . s3 in every way is the smartest and fastest phone with fun applications and amazingly user friendly . so if you thinking of buying a new phone go for it guys its worth the money :) . i had a motorola atrix, then an iphone 4s but the galaxy s iii is the best! the camera is great and incredibly fast, the image is like the iphone 4s but bigger (screen 4,8), the syncronization with google is great and i love the widgets . in comparison with the iphone i can tell you that you need like 2 or 3 clicks less on every action you want to take . the screen is great but is a little bit bigger so i will prefer a phone not so big . i like the way the seller put a small note about how to change the language of the phone from german to english :) the only problem is the warranty which is really important to me and i expected them to fill out and sign the warranty card, because without date of purchase and signature of the dealer, the warranty is not valid (i think so) . that's why i finally mentioned the warranty issue here . the phone seems awesome (for one-day working) and the shipping was fast and on time .49 they sold me the new style normal sim card (25mm x 16 mm) with the chip being much smaller than before (12mm x 9mm) . she loves it! maybe 4 stars as neither blutekusa, amazon nor samsung advised customers . recommend that amazon puts this advisory in their product description  .   more than expected, great telephone, excelent interface, friendly, little expensive but it pay for it . size is not a problem when you use the internet  .   good phone goooooooooooooood v g v g v g v g v g vg vg phone so nice c c c c c c . i am very upset with this .time with this phone but one problem galaxy wont work good with soul by ludacris or any other headphones that good . i like it . i suggest samsung to solve this problem  .   excelente telefono, procesador super rapido, facil de manejar, gran cantidad de apps dise'adas para android entre otras, lo recomiendo plenamente, mauricio from ecuador . this is the most advanced smart phone thus far with most latest features . except that it is little bulky because of the screen size, everything else is excellent  .   i'm not going to bore you with the many goodies this phone brings about . i'll just say that i'm pretty satisfied with the product, it is everything it's promised . the interface is fast and intuitive, even if you're not familiar with android devices . the only downside is the the finish on the body does look like plastic and not metallic, like it's shown in the pic and the widget for video player is a tad small for my taste . the device is surprisingly light, tho and it's a lot easier to handle with both hands . i haven't tried it with any games yet, i have yet to download a couple and see how it works but so far, so good . recommended  .   to put it in one sentence - after demoing to a person they smile and ask - can i hold it for a minute . take repeat shots at something like 5 shots per second . the touch screen is the best i've seen . - the sound button is oposite the on off button so too easy to down the sound by accident . it is expensive but worth every penny . galaxy s3 is nice phone . because galaxy s3 have a big screen! i'm japanese . so my english is bad  . bobby) is very nice man, and had good after service . its an excellent phone it came in time but in the review it never says that it is a french phone and that it came with aplications of the french carrier, also it cames with the european charger (they put an american charger converter so its a point for them) . its a very good service and a very good divice . great phone love it and got the flip cover for it . easy to use and is really the hot item out there now when it comes to smart phones  .   samsung galaxy s iii, it sleeps when you sleep, true this is a very powerful machine, its actually wealth its price . good doing business with you  .   this my feedback claim related to this product: the positive: * great design / great operative system * i receive a sgh-t999 model with 1 .5gh & 2 gb ram not a 4g lte device , but it very fast even it is not quad core * in addition you i receive 48gb free space for 2 years in drop box the negative: * no headphones included in the box * reliability: after full charging i start using it with no problems but for some reason the device does not power on randomly even if it has more than 70% battery . this happens randomly, but i am losing my calls when the phone doesn't wake up . i been using the same operative system (android) in other devices more than a year for this reason i am sure something is going wrong (in my case the supplier is abe-123) * unlocked issues: the reason i search for unlock devices is because i am free to get full benefits from manufactured . this is not really an unlocked device * notice that is not possible to move applications to the external memory like other devices (micro sdhc) . so much for being unlocked and 'international' ( not sure how this would work in germany since tmobile is huge there, and the seller was german  . if thats the case, i dont see the point in calling it unlocked, since the only big provider you have left is at&t  . she was very, very happy with her christmas present, and i rated it five stars . i'm pleased to say that the s3 is even better than the s2 (as well it should be!) and probably would rate higher than five stars, if that were possible to do here . i've used my s3 for a week now, and it works great in all functions, as a phone, and as internet instrument, via wi-fi and 3g . it's super fast, the ui is very fluid and responsive, and it's light with a large, well-lit screen .   this phone does not work with mac computers - connected via usb cable . i tried everything and looked on the web to correct the issue or work around it . without such connection it is difficult to load any music on the phone . moreover if your car has usb connector to your sound system, most likely connecting this phone will not work on it as well . it is really a shame because the phone is really sleek and nice, great responsiveness and good design . sorry but i am going to return the item and wait for iphone 5 which hopefully, will save me all this headache  .   this is not a smart phone is the smart phone . i am sure that this review will only add to the countless positive review this phone already had  .   just got my white s3 and i'm in love all over again (first time was with s1)  .   the phone's screen is absolute beauty and watching movies on it is an experience you cant compare with any other cellular device . not a big issue since the phone can be set for english and i anyways don't use the documentation that comes with it (that's in polish too) . however the best part was that the phone came in 2 days earlier than expected  .   all in all, very happy with the purchase and with the seller as well  .  and u wont regret it  .   i love this phone as an iphone user who has tried two other android phones and really hated them this has changed my mind! it has a seamless set up, is so easy to use, screen is amazing, i am not a this or that fight over my phone is better than your phone and still love my other but i adore the samsung galaxy s3, i am thrilled i bought this phone and the seller is fantastic! very happy with my new samsung galaxy s3 phone  .   very fast and smooth, very well designed . i love its big screen . i had a sgsii but sgsiii is better so far it has many features that you will love  . i bought this device for my wife and she absolutely loves it! she inst a tech girl but i am definitely a tech guy  .   so i know what she has and she definitely has the best of the best! the screen size is awesome! the resolution on it is bright and brilliant! anyone looking for something top of the line, this is it! does everything u want it to do . but even so i still gave it a 5 star review ;) enjoy  .   excelent product . it is a trully 5 star smartphone out of this galaxy! nice andas marvelous screen with a smooth ui and os . i loved the phone, but only had it for 6 days . it would be great if it came with a cover . they took days to come back to me then refused to take my phone back as i no longer have the box .no issues with it .the only issue i have is the place where the volume button and power button is placed .   it's a great phone much cheaper but with a lot more features than the carriers branded phone . galaxy s3 international! great deal great services! go 4 it   .  it was awesome phone to have  .  some what like little computer  .  the scratches were not caught on screen atol  .  but better to have a screen protecter and a good case to avoid any damage  .  becoz i dropped it two times :p but nothing happened becoz of case :) touch: the touch was buttery smooth u'll njoy it  .   camera: -the camera was also too good and take pictures very clearly and 1080p video quality was also excellent with continues auto focus (and can take good pictures while recording video) .  if u use mobile for hours by playing games ,watching videos or browsing net there will be a very little heat at downpart of the phone software : as u know icecream sandwich was really excellent and running good on s3 and the jellybean update will be coming in a few months too  .   no lags atol and and it was smooth while scrolling even more than dozen of apps are running  .   :d features: -it has many features like s-voice , s-beam , pop-up play etc ., the s-voice was also good like apple's siri :) -the s-beam was also good   .  and i like very much the feature called pop up play  .  u can pop up video that is playing and u can keep the video any where u want on the big screen .it was not laggy and was so smooth to move over the screen and can simultaneously can do texting browse net etc ., -when we open video player u can see thumbnails playing a little preview of video and u can easily select the video u want :) -samsung touchwiz also very good :) -slide ur hand on screen and take screenshot -tap on top to move to top of the list u r scrolling , smart stay , direct call  .  what can i say there were many features like these  .   :d display : it was 720p resolution display which is very nice to view videos,while playing games etc .  but keeping the brightness to full u can see even bright light :) apps: u have tons of apps in google play store  .  and the hd games which have more size also run very smooth  .   :) storage: i have 16gb internal memory(11gb available for storage) which is enough :) but i bought another 32gb external memory card  .  app2sd was not working at present which is used to install apps to sd card so i loaded music videos and other stuff to sd card and installed apps on phone memory so that i can manage perfectly :) pocketability: the s3 was a big phone  .  first i doubted whether it fits perfectly in my pocket  .  when i kept my phone in pocket(jeans or normal) it fits perfectly  .   the phone was thin and happily fits in pocket no worries :) finally i can say onething samsung galaxy s3 was an awesome phone to have and its a beast  . i love it  .   the phone was a replica of the original samsung galaxy s111 but the only problem is that it didn`t come with the original operrating manual so that people will read and understand its functions,also it didn`t work with t- mobile`s 4g network .   this device is awesome! no issues! probably only thing is i was so used to have the power button at the top  .   and volume buttons are trending more to the middle of the device instead of closer to the top  .   so when you put it in horizontal is easy to touch them unwillingly . but you can get used to it and it won't be a problem then . not as a big issue to remove a star for it . i love it! cant stop staring at it, the looks? men it awesome! slim and super light .   i love my galaxy s3 . i travel all over the world and haven't have a problem with it yet . it took a little getting use to at first since i was a iphone 4 user but i with the bigger screen and faster processor i've already forgotten about my iphone  .   awesome phone  . however it has lots of useful features . it has some cons, for example s voice does not work as well as you may think based on the ads . sadly, during the use, it fell and the supposedly indestructible gorilla glass screen cracked completely . bottom line, i recommend to stick to sgs2 . the phone have defective pixel and black spots on a dark background . then, i contacted a seller (fgs trading) and they ready to refund the purchase price, but not ready refund taxes and shipment (~300$) and they dont gave any solution to repair the phone . now i regret that sold iphone 4 and got this shit  .   update 5/03/2013: just read a post elsewhere where someone said android was only good for web,email, and stupid games .   seriously? i'm not saying android can do everything, but in the last three hours (while doing other stuff) i used my s3 to look up the current exchange rate for usd to gbp, updated an associate's excel spreadsheet to use the current exchange rate in several formulas, edited a professional four track audio file to delete an unneeded intro and shorten the song to the desired length and moved the key up two semitones and mixed it down to 2track stereo, then used it to drive from one part of caracas to another using real time traffic updates to avoid the fabled traffic jams, here . i'll talk first about the not-so-obvious reasons why this phone is the best in the world . i love traveling and can't imagine being stuck with a stupid us model that only works with one us provider . this phone works great with tmobile and att in the us, and all of the gsm providers that the rest of the world uses  .   no roaming! battery life is way better than my iphone, but even better is the peace of mind you get with being able to swap out the battery with a fresh one if you can't get a charge for a couple of days . (yes, i can get a couple of days from the battery while the iphone can't even get one day!) the same usb cable you use to charge with is also the data cable that plugs right into the usb port of any computer (or tablet), allowing you to share files with the phone's memory or sd card . i've only had this phone since mid june, but already i've helped out others several times by turning on the wifi hotspot feature that let them see my phone as a wifi hotspot and use my cell data connection for their laptops and tablets . the obvious things that make this phone the best include the big, beautiful screen, incredibly light weight and thinness, speed, buttery smoothness, availability of apps and no need for a computer or itunes! finally, a real life example . as friday traffic closed in around us (can you imagine how much traffic on a beautiful summer friday in the puget sound?) we were able to avoid overloaded ferries, drive our way into reverse commutes avoiding miles-long backups, circumnavigated puget sound and made all three appointments . at the end of the day as we rode the last ferry across puget sound, she looked at her unused iphone, put it in the glove compartment and said, "wow! that was amazing to use the gs3 . samsung siii received, but i'm not satisfied with the product quality is not enough, the material is quite simple, i do not recommend .com i bought, i returned to dislike the product, made ''of 15% deduction, have an unfair profit, while the returned product, be aware that when you cut  .   i'm a very fan of technology and pretty much pass quite time on the computer checking what is new in the market and what technology has to offer me for new . recently a had a bad luck day, one of those when you scream why meeee  .   lol but in the end it was supposed to happen and material things can be recovered so i'm over it as of right now .  ) because i lost it at the beach on that bad luck day . i checked the market and even i could buy my old note again i'm more like the type of guy that like to try new and better, so i decided for the samsung galaxy s3 even when i was losing the 4g capability on the sgn but i was totally gaining speed because of the quad core processor the new s3 come with . i'm totally thrilled with my new toy and i recommend it 100% as i do recommend the seller that made my life change when i got my phone . good experience i'm glad to share with all amazon community  .   this phone is not compatible with a t-mobile sim card .   very disappointed  .   i had bought this product by looking that its a factory unlocked but as i received the product it was taken in plan and later unlocked where i am unable to use certain applications like gps . i had loved the product but i felt i was falsely persuaded to buy this product  .   i suggest you to b very careful and also beware of seller before buying too  .  'samsung galaxy s iii / s3 unlocked gsm smart phone (pebble blue) . excellent product, all i wanted, is the best phone that i ever bought . is a good recomendation for any one that loves google, android, and samsumg  . battery life is quite decent, but using gps drains it quite rapidly . s memo allows taking notes with your finger, which works out quite neatly, to my surprise . it feel great in the hand and pocket, despite the immense screen size . the software is incredibly fast and smooth although the "ios rip off" crowd does have a case on a few of its features . regardless, the phone runs great, is very powerful and battery length is quite good due to the large battery (easily lasts 24 hours of light to moderate use) . the bootloader is factory unlocked and works without issue on multiple sims on usa at&t . it is important to note, however, that the quad-core exynos chip will not support us lte bands so beware before you buy  .   samsung galaxy s3 is an awesome phone and has really nice video quality  .camera is superb the only problem i faced that it uses micro sim card instead of the normal sim card we generally use but thats easily resolvable  . short battery life, but i expect it to extend itself a little as i break in the phone . shipment and delivery went smoothly and phone arrived on time  . i have purchased 8 smart phones since 2006 . pros: i agree with most of the posted positive reviews so i will not repeat the great features of this phone . i have multiple cracks across the entire screen after dropping the phone from approximately 3 feet, less than a week old . touch screen and lcd is working fine but i must deal with very visible cracks . unfortunately the glass is fused to the display, and the display to the galaxy s iii's frame . i have dropped my previous phones many times (iphones and smaller size samsung phone) and never damaged the screen in the past . i will most likely purchase a new phone from amazon with a contract (less than $150) and use my international unlocked phone with many cracks when i travel outside usa . japanese language support still requires loading an application . apple os supported japanese and other languages since its introduction . i noticed korean language is supported with samsung keyboard  .   i was counting on the international tag to guarantee that i am going to have hebrew included . big disappointment, since even thou i downloaded an additional keyboard, i can't enjoy some of the fitures the galaxy offers  .   okay, i was a bit skeptical when ordering this phone, for one i did not want to be ripped off buy the seller . overall i was just scared that i would be blowing $650 . i ordered the phone on the 9th of july 2012 and i received it on the 11th of july(express shipping of course) and i was so pleased with the delivery time, it got to me a day earlier . i was scared at first when my old sim car would not fit but thanks to the help of youtube you can cut down your sim card into a micro sim card (no guarantees) but luckily it did work .( i contacted the seller cause i could not get my sim card in the slot so i thought i got a bad phone but then i realised that is how the phone is made, just like the iphone 4s it requires a micro sim card which you should be able to get from your service provider .) so if you ever doubt ordering something so expensive . this review is for you it came neatly packed, with headphones, charger, manual and the phone of course . so far the phones performance has been spectacular, the s voice is incredibly amazing and much more improved from the galaxy s 2 . in terms of battery performance its okay for a phone that has high performance, but if you have a car charger and one at home you should be good to go . you wont regret it  . on wi-fi this phone out performs the domestic galaxy s3 but not by anything all that significant  . and the phone, amazing! super-fast, ridiculously clean graphics and just overall awesome . i had a really hard time handing it over and am considering getting one myself . i wouldn't necessarily go that far as to say it kills the iphone but its certainly giving it a run for its money! definitely get this phone if you're considering it  .   it's just awesome, amazing  .   the best phone ever! just be advise that you need a micro sim card to this phone . i was very pleased with them, it came sealed and great customer service as well . i simply hated my evo 3d, dropping calls  .   keep rebooting all the time, and not built in great materials . so, i canceled my plan with sprint (terrible signal in san diego), and i decide that i needed to have a great phone for the next couple years . samsung galaxy s3 seemed the right choice . i have to tell to you i have no regret about buying these handset for $699  .   good point is unlocked  . the s3 is fast with exynos 4212 quad (cpu quad-core 1 .4 ghz cortex-a9) plus the great camera  . and i know i am getting edge 2g, which i was thinking if was a good call . and i got really good news  .   you don't need to ripped off by at&t! the reason that t-mobile are doing this only now, because at&t failed to buy t-mobile not being approved by the government . which means t-mobile will announce the iphone as well working on 1900 mhz band . i am sure that s3 will be working amazingly fast very on t-mobile . great phone! great to keep for a lot of years for sure  .   i used to own a galaxy s2 and since it was excellent i decided to buy the s3 which is more than excellent . this is the quadcore version which works perfect . i would like to say more, but i think that a video in youtube is better to describe how excellent is this phone . about the battery, it is alsmot 50% better than the galaxy s2 .   i ordered the samsung i9300 and was very concerned about how i would get the phone up and running with less time than my last unlocked phone . definitely worth the price . all-in-all i would recommend this seller, products and shipper (fullfilled by amazon) . everything went very smoothly and i am a very happy customer  . size can be a bit unwieldy, but it is fast, fast, fast  .   i bought this phone from wire4less since it had good reviews:'samsung galaxy s iii/s3 gt-i9300 factory unlocked phone - international version (pebble blue) phone was delivered on time and it is great but is not prepared to resist a simple fall when you fail to put it in your pocket . a 3 feet fall (tops) was enough to get the plastic that covers the lens of the main camera (rear) completely smashed making the camera useless given the lens sees through a smashed plastic now . i can't believe a u$s 700 phone can take a simple fall so i want to think my unit is faulty and not built properly . i contacted the seller to get an answer on this and they don't want to replace it or refund me given samsung is not going to cover it . if you ask me, this is a great phone, great camera, screen and features but it is just inacceptable to have such a fragile thing . it is much better as expected . more comfortable, bigger and clearer screen and  . you can't make anything wrong buying this phone . s3 is a very advanced mobile phone . i bought from wire4less, the only thing im not quite satisfied is there is the boe wasnt sealed, which makes me think it might a second hand or returned item  . i'm very happy, tons of apps, low price, no exclusivity problems (like the nokia lumia 900 or iphone) . i had the opportunity to handle an iphone for quite some time and i really don't get why people like it that much, this phone is way better, has a lot of functions and a real screen . i absolutely recommend it . and regarding the other review, probably that moron is installing the sim card backwards, the phone is fully unlocked and operational  . until last year, the previous couple of iterations in the galaxy s lineup were pretty predictable  . the last change struck a chord with users because you had to decide how much storage you'd ever need when you bought the phone plus you'd have to pay an inflated price if you needed more than the base model - just like you do with an iphone  . fortunately, the microsd is back with the latest version along with water resistance - a feature which took a hiatus last year  . the look follows samsung's latest design language, the camera has been improved, you get a more powerful processor a bigger battery  . is it worth the upgrade  . secondly, despite being about the same size, only a tad taller, the edge packs a huge 3600mah which is really impressive  . aside from looking cool, to be blunt i don't find that a phone with curved screen really makes it any better than a one with a flat screen  . in fact, i think the curved edges make the phone harder to use because it's difficult to hold the phone without pressing the screen accidentally  . it also causes everything to be distorted with shifted colors at the sides  . the 6p lacks the gs7's 4gb of ram, optical image stabilization, microsd slot and water resistance  . it also a slightly more modest snapdragon 810 soc and a dimmer screen  . that said, it counters with a bigger screen, a better fingerprint reader and better sounding stereo speakers  . another upside to the 6p that you can't see on a spec sheet is that it's easier to use  . i find myself constantly touching the screen or menu buttons by accident - it really needs a thick case to be usable  . unless you need the water resistance (somewhat useful), optical image stabilization (must-have if you take video), 4gb of ram (no real world advantage over 3gb), microsd (you can spec the 6p with 128gb direct from google), i think you're better off pocketing the difference and getting the 6p  . on one hand, it does look pretty sleek and cool  . hitting the shutter button when i'm taking a picture usually doesn't work because part of my palm is touching the bottom right of the screen  . yeah, a lot of it is due to how i hold the gs7, instead of cradling it loosely in your hand i prefer a kung fu/death grip because i don't want to drop it accidentally  . still, the slim shape means the gs7 is still very compact even if you throw it in a case which is what i recommend you do if you pick one up  . a case should mitigate the problem i mentioned  . samsung also includes some software to make one-handed usage more easily but it involves making the screen smaller  . i do like how you can activate this feature by triple tapping the home button but who wants to use a smaller version of the screen  . the body which is metal sandwiched by glass in the front and back is very solid  . while it's a pricey phone, it definitely feels like a very expensive phone  . the buttons stick out the perfect amount  . i wish they clicked a little more when you pressed them in but this is probably a result of the water resistance  . it has grown a little bit which you'd think would make it easier to use but in fact, i found that the fingerprint reader was much pickier than the gs6's  . it's quite a bit worse than the reader on the huawei nexus 6p  . while it's not flush, this should help it sit a little nicer if you place it on a flat surface and don't have a case  . the biggest change is that samsung has brought water resistance back  . unlike the gs5, you don't have to worry about closing the usb port because the gs7's is sealed from the inside  . i guess while the gs7 lacks a removable battery like the gs5, it also means you don't need to worry about close the battery cover to ensure water resistance  . of course, while the glass and metal body is very classy, it probably isn't going to like being dropped too much  . speaking of the usb port, samsung has stuck with microusb instead of a type-c  . to be honest at this point i think type-c is more bad than good  . yeah, microusb only fits in one way but having to handle two types of connectors (or 3 if you include apple's lightning) is a bit of a pain at this point  . type-c also supports very fast charging but the gs7 can actually handle 15 watts through it's microusb which is comparable  . another welcome change is that samsung brought the microsd support back  . as is now the norm for flagships, the gs7's display is very sharp, with extreme viewing angles and nice colour  . out of the box, the colour is a tad too intense but you can change this in the settings so that it's very natural looking  . since this is an amoled display you get inky blacks that don't glow when you look at the phone at night  . while most flagships now come with awesome displays, the gs7 manages to distinguish itself by having one of the brightest displays around  . generally speaking, amoled screens tend to be slightly less bright than lcd's  . i'm guessing two reasons for this are because amoled screens can draw a lot of power when they're displaying white plus they are susceptible to screen burn in (yes, i've seen it happen)  . anyways, the gs7 at maximum brightness is more or less as bright as the 6s plus when it's maxed out  . it's that bright  . the reason you want a bright amoled display is because they're susceptible to washing out outdoors in direct sunlight  . the only bad thing i have to say about the gs7 display is that it's bluish when you're not viewing it straight on  . it doesn't sound like a big deal but i found myself spending a lot of time looking at it from slightly off-center and i do find the blue to be quite distracting  . to be fair, every amoled phone i've played with lately has this problem  . when you're not using it the screen displays the time, date and battery unless something is covering the sensor like when it's in your pocket  . it's also not super bright so it won't cause burn-in  . samsung has actually downsized the megapixel count on the gs7 from 16mp to a still very usable 12, just like the nexus 6p and iphone 6s plus  . that way there's still enough resolution to record 4k video  . well the resolution is more or less identical, the 3 phones i mentioned all have very different cameras  . the nexus 6p has the largest sensor of the 3 but it's lack of optical image stabilization and if i'm honest, lousy camera software hold it back  . the iphone 6s plus has very good camera software, image stabilization so while it lacks the 6p's sensor size, it usually ends up taking better pictures even though the 6p has a more capable sensor  . it has optical image stabilization like the apple  . its trick is that all of its pixels are capable of phase detection  . if you turn the lights down and compare all 3 phones, the gs7 focuses like it was outdoors while the other 2 are desperately focusing in and out trying to find critical focus  . the camera software has a lot of features but it's also relatively easy to use  . it's has a very capable camera  . i have young kids and the fast focus and high quality sensor means it captures a lot of keepers - like the 6s plus  . looking more closely i thought that while the samsung has a better sensor with slightly less noise and greater dynamic range, it tends to really sharpen pictures a lot and over-saturate colours just a tad  . low light video looks good on the screen but if you watch it on a larger screen you'll notice that it does an enormous amount of noise reduction to the point that video lacks fine detail  . it also does a lot of brightening so that it looks like it has a lot of dynamic range  . as is now normal for android flagships the gs7 has a comprehensive manual mode complete with:  . mind you, when the gs7 is submerged sometimes the water can cause the screen to do funny things because it can trick it into thinking something is touching it  . the front-facing camera has a really wide angle which is great if you want to take selfies with a group of friends  . the downside is that it's not that great if you're just taking selfies of yourself because the wide angle causes perspective distortion  . if you're concerned about updates samsung generally makes you wait for new versions, as your phone gets older you'll generally have to wait longer and longer for updates  . expect around 2 years of updates and maybe a 3rd if you're lucky  . if you're using a variant of a popular phone then all bets are off and there's a good chance you won't get any major updates unless you learn to flash the phone yourself  . to be honest, overlays where important when the original galaxy s ii came out, starting with the gs3 or 4 overlays began more and more superfluous and these days, aside from a custom camera, text messaging client and maybe an email client, app overlays in general don't contain anything terribly useful  . why would you bother with those when android phones come with google now, chrome and google play  . to their credit samsung has been slowly paring back the duplicate apps by making some of them like chat-on optional downloads  . then again, you need a custom app for some of the goofy samsung extras like the heart rate sensor which i doubt anyone uses  . when you play a game there's this icon that appears on top of your game  . disable alerts while you play  . being able to disable the back and app switcher is nice since it's really easy to press them by accident  . then again, if samsung had designed the gs7 better you wouldn't need this feature  . if you don't think this feature is useful you can always disable it  . migrating to a new phone can sometimes be tricky so samsung includes a usb otg connector in the box  . basically, it allows you to connect other phones to the gs7 like you would a computer so it can grab the information off of it like that  . 2015 was an interesting year when it comes to android flagship performance  . in benchmarks the exynos was a tad faster than the 810 but practically speaking, there was little real world difference between these when it comes to performance  . the difference was that while neither chip ran cool, the 810 ran hot enough to mean that it could rarely run at full speed  . anyways, it's 2016 and once again it looks like samsung will be using their own exynos 8890 while everyone else will be using the 810's bigger brother, the snapdragon 820  . interestingly, us gs7's will also be using the snapdragon 820 because us models need support for cdma  . what's interesting about the exynos in the gs7 is that it isn't that affected by the temperature  . next i drained a sink and filled it with fairly warm water and it actually got the same score! i'm impressed  . benchmarks are impressive with a noticeable improvement over 2015's flagships  . the gs7 is generally half a step ahead of the 6p when you're doing things like loading games/apps and switching between them  . i guess the bigger difference between the 2 is the gs7's ability to stay cooler when you're running intensive tasks and graphics performance  . however, the difference in graphics is only noticeable when you're running something which really stresses the gpu  . earpiece and speakerphone volume are both excellent  . despite the gs7's extremely sculpted shape, samsung managed to cram a 3000mah battery into the gs7 which is very impressive  . it's relatively loud and very tuned sounded so there's quite a bit of bass  . it's not quite as powerful as the nexus 6p's stereo speakers but it's still one of the better ones on the market  . so you don't need to bother with a 64 or 128gb variant  . the gs6 is a pretty decent phone so i was skeptical of how much samsung could improve the gs7 but as it turns out, it's actually a noticeable improvement in many areas  . the microsd and water resistance are pretty easy to understand but to me, the thing i was most impressed with is that they managed to put a battery that has 20% more capacity in a phone that's roughly the same size  . the camera's focusing speed is also pretty impressive  . that said, the gs7 is an android phone so there are plenty of competitors available now or soon which will probably be more affordable and offer comparable specs  . their strategy is to saturate the market at pretty much all price points often times with multiple overlapping models  . the biggest feature however is the metal frame which makes it very solid  . while there are many competitors, 4 big ones come to mind; the zte grand x 2, motorola's moto x play, the zte axon and the oneplus x  . what about the zte grand x 2  . off the top of my head, the zte has similar specs; 5' hd display, snapdragon 410, 16gb storage and a similarly sized battery  . first off, you get a slick aluminum body  . if you held the 2 phones, one in each hand there's no doubt which one you'd think would cost more  . the a5's camera is also better and has a better screen  . so while the a5 is arguably a more well rounded device, you're paying an awful lot more for a device with such a modest processor  . the play has a larger, higher resolution display which is noticeably sharper and cleaner looking  . it also comes with 2gb of ram which is rapidly becoming the new 1gb (industry standard) vs the a5's stingy 1  . 5gb, a newer version of android and a more powerful snapdragon 615 soc  . however, the play's piece du resistance is it's huge 3630mah battery which is about 50% larger than the a5's  . the a5 counters with a nicer metal body though the play's isn't too shabby either  . between the 2, the play is the easier choice  . with all that said, the axon's camera is pretty awful as is the speaker  . the other headache is that you can pick up the oneplus x for similar money  . like the axon, it also comes with a snapdragon 801 which is backed with a generous 3gb ram  . 5' super amoled display  . you get a slick metal frame with a plastic back  . it's a budget phone with expensive clothes  . the edges are chamfered edge like the galaxy alpha/note 5  . i like how they ditched the alpha's corner bulges  . while it make the a5's body less interesting, it makes it much more comfortable to hold  . the buttons are all quite good  . they stick just enough and click nicely when you press them in  . they also don't wobble when you half press them  . the only downside to the a5 body is the plastic back  . it's not glass like many other recent samsung phones  . you get a 5' 1280x720 super amoled display  . colour is pleasing with deep blacks and excellent viewing angles  . it's also very bright  . the only problem is that it only has 1280x720 resolution  . 1280x720 on a 5' lcd display looks passable but on an amoled display, it's a bit gritty looking  . at super high ppi's, you won't notice it but at the a5's more modest 290 you can see dots quite clearly  . it's kind of distracting to look at when you hold the a5 close  . while the display has good fundamentals (color, blacks, viewing angles, brightness), in 2016, a $400 android phone has no business having such a grainy looking display  . it gives you a respectable amount of control without being too cluttered  . you won't get a lot of keepers in doors but it does alright for static subjects  . video resolution tops out at 1920x1080  . 2 which is a bit of a disappointment since most newer phone ship with 5  . i guess the type of person who spends a5 money in 2016 on a snapdragon 410 phone isn't going to be too bothered with just 5  . it comes with samsung's touchwiz overlay which duplicates a lot of the apps already built into android like a second browser, gallery, music player, video player and their mostly superfluous samsung app store  . to be fair, some of the stock android apps are polarizing choices - it usually takes google a few years to get things right so there's still room for some duplication  . the best example is the camera app - with few exceptions oem camera apps are always better than the google one  . it also includes a few extra utilities in case like a file manager, photo editor in case which i suppose saves you a trip to to google play to download your own  . you typically find 410's on fancier entry level phones like the zte grand x 2 or moto g 3  . it's a perfectly adequate processor for a $200 phone like the zte grand x 2 but in a $400 phone, it's a bit of a shock  . for $400, i would expect a snapdragon 615 (moto x play) at the very least or maybe even a powerful 801 (axon, oneplus x)  . as such, the a5 is probably the slowest $400 phone you'll find  . for basic tasks, the 410 is fine but you'll notice that apps take longer to load with more stuttering and skipping than you should at this price point  . the earpiece and speakerphone are both quite powerful  . there's a volume boost feature in case you need it  . rf performance is also quite good  . the a5 isn't really aimed at power users so it's 2300mah battery should be adequate for most users  . you get 16gb of storage, if that's not enough you can add a microsd  . the built-in speaker is quite powerful but it has a really narrow range so it sounds tinny with no bass at all  . it's like a hotdog served with a side of caviar, an armani blazer with a pair jeans that have a hole in the seat  . while there's nothing wrong with these pairings but they're somewhat unbalanced  . still, if you can appreciate the exterior and don't have great processing needs the a5 could be an interesting choice  . sure, i love my windows powered computers and laptops with all my heart but when it comes to their phones, i'm not invested at all in the windows phone eco-system  . i guess i have 3 problems with windows phone (now called windows 10 mobile)  . first off, as a parent with young kids, i've never been fond on the cameras on windows phone  . sure, there have been some great ones like the lumia 1020 and the camera button is always handy but the app just stinks because it's just too damn slow  . the way i see it, since camera phone sensors are inherently inferior to larger ones, they have to make up for it with speed and the ability to shoot in bunches so that you can increase your chances for a keeper  . secondly, while windows phone usually has the most popular, top tier apps, once you get past that, the app selection is still very thin  . sure, they've sold zillions of windows phone but you'd never know that if you try to look for a game that's not candy crush or an older version of angry birds  . on the app front, it feels like there is no momentum at all  . if you buy a new companion device, like a connected power switch or a smart thermostat or network connected camera, there's a really good chance that there is no app for it on windows phone  . microsoft is doing their best to fix this by making it easier for android and ios developers to bring their apps to windows phone but this isn't going to fix this situation  . thirdly, i'm just not fond of the operating system itself  . i mean it works alright but in the end the workflow doesn't feel as efficient as it is on ios and android  . task switching is usually slower, killing apps is less intuitive, that sort of thing  . when i use windows phone, it feels like i'm trying to do microsoft a solid, rather than using it because i want to  . the problem with the 950 is that it was released around 6 months after the g4 came out plus the 950 is more expensive  . otherwise the g4 is an easier choice  . when i inserted a sim card, i was disappointed because it it reminded me of a blu phone  . it has a matte poly carbonate back cover with a flimsy body with a shiny plastic bezel - just like the blu win hd lte i reviewed a while ago  . the green phone is the win hd lte  . don't get me wrong, blu makes great phones when you consider that they typically cost around $100 but on a $650 phone, it's completely unacceptable  . i mean i'm ecstatic that the 950 has a removable battery and memory card slot but you really pay for this feature in other ways  . what annoys me further is that the last microsoft phone i tried was the lumia 830  . the 830 comes with a slick metal body  . all the buttons are located on the right side, from top to bottom it goes volume, power and camera  . i dunno about you but they're all flat and chromed which makes them look kind of cheap  . the buttons themselves have a nice click but they're kind of vague feeling until you actually press them all the way in  . i do like how microsoft includes both a usb type c to regular usb cable along with a separate charger that has a type-c connector  . this is one of the few 'new' features which is actually really useful and microsoft should have included it  . i compared it with the amoled display on the nexus 6p and the 950's lags in a number of areas  . in terms of brightness it lags behind competitors  . don't forget that oled screens typically need a lot of brightness to work outdoors when its sunny  . i'll be honest, amoled displays have gotten so good lately that i'm a little caught off guard by the 950's which while not terrible, isn't all that great  . there's a 20 megapixel camera on the back with optical image stabilization and impressive looking 3 led flash  . it's a nice feature to have though a bit of a vestigial feature now that you can launch the camera on android by double tapping the home button  . i will say though that the camera launches much faster than it does on any other windows phone that i've tried  . you press the button and the app launches instantly  . it doesn't launch quite as fast as the iphone 6s/nexus 6p/galaxy s6 but i didn't really notice this until i had them all side-by-side  . while the 950 launches quickly, by default the camera is rather slow because it tries to do stuff like shoot video and at the same time when you shoot pictures as is the style these days  . htc was first to do it several years ago with their oddly named zoe feature, then apple copied them and now microsoft has too  . this slows down the shot-to-shot speeds enough that i recommend you turn this feature off  . it causes an annoying pause if you try to view a couple of them  . as for the app itself, i actually like the interface  . it's clean and fairly efficient  . considering how minimalist windows phone can be, there are an awful lot of options for picture and video resolution  . i mean it's nice that there are you can choose between x, x etc resolutions, but having this many is confusing and slows thing down  . image quality is not bad  . it captures a bit more noise than the iphone 6s plus and the nexus 6p but the noise reduction is quite reasonable  . i suspect the 950 does too much post-processing because colours are extremely over-saturated  . reds, blues, greens all pop too much and look unnatural  . it's not that much slower but it's slow enough that i didn't really use it  . it can be good but often times it loses focus plus picture can be soft at times  . the microphone is excellent  . i think there are 2 reasons; first off, 10 is buggy on the 950 (more on that later)  . one of the most interesting features of the 950 is the new continuum feature  . when you use it, the screen looks like a windows 10 pc  . instead of viewing a larger version of what you see on your phone, it feels like you're sitting in front of a computer  . note how the start menu is identical to your phone's - that's cool  . that said, anything that requires a plugin probably won't work  . it's also good if you're working on microsoft office  . another thing that you can do your messaging from a bigger screen  . the 950 differs in that when you use continuum, you're actually accessing the information from the 950 instead of a separate hidden computer like on the atrix  . continuum only works with certain apps  . those one's don't support continuum  . my guess is there isn't going to be a lot of apps that support it  . it looks like a really well thought out idea, but in practice, it's less useful than it looks  . you see, wireless display has a bit of a lag to it  . it's perfectly fine if you're just watching a video but if you want to interact with something, the lag makes it very frustrating - especially if you're typing or moving a mouse  . it's very intuitive  . it could be that newer wireless display equipment has less lag  . for what it's worth i also have a roku which has wireless display as a beta feature  . this has a lot less lag but it only works at a very low resolution which probably explains why it's faster  . it's probably a lot better with a wired display dock but let's be serious, if you have to physically connect your phone to something, chances are you're never going to use it  . the only times i really want get off my phone and move over to a 'real' computer are when i'm doing something that requires resources my phone doesn't have like downloading large files, complex video editing, that sort of thing  . then again, if your idea of 'real' computing is using a chromebook or chromebase then it could be a tantalizing view on what's coming  . then again, cloud computing kind of makes this idea obsolete  . i hate to say it because it's a really cool idea that really leverages microsoft's strengths but continuum really looks like one of those features that looks good in advertisements that most people aren't going to use  . ironically, windows phone's 'modern' ui with its solid blocks was starting to get dated so while 10 keeps the blocks, they now display your background so they're a lot more friendly looking  . my time with the 950 was plagued by strange bugs  . simple enough, but i just couldn't do it because every time i pressed record nothing would happen and the phone would become unresponsive  . mind you, this doesn't happen all the time but it happens enough that i was very annoyed  . other problems included a pull down that didn't always go up, unresponsive menu button among others  . while you get a powerful snapdragon 808 under the hood, it's hard to figure out just how capable it really is because there aren't a lot of ways to compare how fast a windows phone is with android and ios  . that said, i did do some side-by-side comparisons for tasks like launching the camera and loading webpages  . the nexus 6p is always half a step faster than the 950  . correct me if i'm wrong, but the fanciest windows phone we got was the lumia 830 which came with a modest snapdragon 400 - something you can find on android phones as cheap as around $150  . while the 950 can be really fast windows phone, a lot of times it's not because it stutters randomly from time to time  . maximum earpiece is excellent with an easy to find sweet spot  . the speakerphone is also fairly powerful  . rf performance is good  . i tried both a telus and rogers nano sims at the same time and it looks like they both support lte  . i only tested them for a few hours but i found the dual sim support to be kind of buggy  . switching sims sometimes results in data not being usable until you reboot and sometimes the rf gets dodgy  . it's relatively loud but it has no bass so it sounds thin  . i also noticed that the speaker volume will randomly lower even though i didn't touch the volume buttons nor do i see any change in volume on screen  . in the end, i was a bit disappointed with the 950  . while its spec sheet is top notch, the package itself leaves a bit to be desired  . last year, oneplus made a big splash with their first model; the one which they dubbed the 'flagship killer'  . with that in mind, here's the oneplus x which is designed and priced to fit neatly in this gap  . 99 usd which after shipping and taxes is a bit a bit more affordable than the zte  . having 32gb of built-in storage is a real plus but at the same time the axon has a terrible camera  . while the x's camera is nothing to write home about either, it's a more balanced phone  . that coupled with its more palatable price, dual sim support and extra ram make it a better buy  . the zenfone 2 comes with double the ram, quadruple the storage, a bigger screen and a bigger battery  . the x counters with a microsd slot, an easier to handle body and vastly superior build quality  . the zenfone's 64gb of storage is very practical and the bigger screen is a nice thing to have but at the same time it's got a really chintzy body that's hard to overlook  . i'd say it's 50/50, you can't go wrong with either phone  . it has a bigger screen and a gigantic 3630mah battery which makes it easy to live with  . at the same time, the oneplus has a slick metal body, and an extra gb of ram and a more powerful processor  . the oneplus is the sexier device but pretty much everyone can appreciate the play's larger battery  . again, i'd say you can't go wrong with either phone  . the overall shape is similar to an iphone 4/4s while the grooved sides are like the galaxy s5's  . the metal frame is striking and allows for grooves which are much more tightly packed than the s5  . it has one of the nicer black glass backs  . it's also very compact for a 5' phone  . the buttons stick out the right amount and have a nice click when you press them  . there's a switch on the left side with 3 stops; top position is silent, middle is priority contacts only while the bottom settings is regular  . that means there's a good chance your existing cables will work with it  . it looks beautiful with inky blacks and very nice saturated colour without looking over-saturated  . pretty much all amoled phone screens are like this  . unlike the much costlier htc one a9, which also has a 5' amoled screen, the x's display is noticeably brighter  . amoled displays often struggle outdoors if they're not bright enough  . it's been overcast lately so i haven't been able to test the x outside but i expect it to have no problems outdoors  . viewing angles are excellent though like all newer amoled displays it turns slightly bluish off angle  . like its big brother the x, there's a 13 megapixel camera on the back  . unlike the x, the 2 lacks optical image stabilization and infrared focus assist  . image quality is average at best  . compared to the moto x play, the oneplus takes noisier pictures which more artifacts and less details in shadows  . white balance is also slightly worse  . the lack of stabilization and less than ideal sensor also makes for messy looking video unless you're holding it very still  . it's a layer that sits on top of android 5  . the settings in particular contain a few extra options that enthusiasts will like, like the ability to launch programs by double pressing the buttons plus some lock screen gestures  . while you can double press a button to launch the camera, the phone has to be unlocked first which limits this function's usefulness  . why are 800 series processors popping up on moderately priced phones? i'm guessing it's due to competitive pressures plus there being a performance gap between snapdragon 600 and 800 class processors  . while the 801, 'only' has 4 cores, is 'only' 32bit and more of an early 2014 flagship soc, its adreno 430gpu is substantially more powerful than the 405 in the 615  . however, when it comes to browsing the web there isn't a big gap between the 615 and the 801  . maximum earpiece is slightly better than average mostly because the sweet spot is very easy to find  . the speakerphone is also slightly more powerful than average  . both the earpiece and speakerphone have very, very clean sounding incoming audio  . 5hrs isn't too bad but the x has an amoled screen so i was expecting a tiny bit more  . one nice extra is support for dual sims  . an even nicer extra is that the second sim isn't 2g only  . both sims appear to support lte  . it's somewhat loud with above average sound quality  . the headphone jack is located at the top  . while you only get 16gb of built-in storage, 16gb is just enough to live with for most people  . 80 for tax for a grand total of just over $400  . the x is a really nice phone but at the same time, you can get a zenfone 2 for about the same price plus you don't have to wait for an invite  . it's a good phone that's well priced but it's not as good a deal as its bigger brother, the oneplus 2  . however, 2015's flagship, the one m9, has been maligned a bit in the media because it's not that much better than it's predecessor, the m8  . while it ships with a more powerful soc, due to heat issues, it rarely gets a chance to stretch its legs; the camera, while higher resolution doesn't take very good pictures  . fortunately, htc usually releases something interesting in q3/q4  . indeed, the a9's slick metal body is certainly a good start  . the 5x camera also takes the best still photos of any phone right now  . otherwise, the a9 has some pretty big advantages; it has a much nicer looking 5' 1920x1080 amoled display  . 3gb of ram is a little bit more convenient as is the 32gb of storage and microsd slot  . i also find the front-mounted fingerprint reader more intuitive to use  . while the a9's camera isn't as good as the 5x's, the htc's optical image stabilization helps it take better looking video though it's limited to 1080p whereas the 5x goes up to 4k  . however, the best thing about the a9 is its metal body  . the brushed metal back feels like glass and has a sense of occasion sorely missing from the 5x  . is a snapdragon 808 better than having 3gb of ram  . is the 5x's market leading camera better than the a9's  . despite the advantages, the 32gb 5x is priced nearly $90 lower so i'd say you can't go wrong with either  . it comes with a more powerful snapdragon 810 soc, more ram, more storage, bigger screen  . heck, it even has a snazzy metal body  . the only thing the a9 has going for it is a microsd and arguably a more classy body  . the a9 is a nice phone but it's priced about $150 too high  . the moto x play has a slightly less powerful 615 soc, only 16gb of storage, less ram (2 vs 3gb), plastic body and no image stabilization  . then again, it comes with a very useful 3630mah battery and a larger 5  . the a9 is undoubtedly a nicer phone with more ram and storage but i'm not sure it's worth paying an extra $250 for it  . the a9's body is positively delicious  . first off, at 5', it's quite a bit smaller than most similarly priced phones  . while phablet and phablet-ish phones are nice, 5' is still large big enough to display a lot of information while simultaneously being very usable with just one hand  . in terms of how it feels in your hand, it's even fancier than an iphone 6  . the shape is very organic - there are no sharp edges so it's very pleasant to hold  . the polished metal back is so smooth it feels like glass - at the same time it doesn't feel like it's been covered with a ton of lacquer so it feels real unlike its predecessor the m8  . look at the finish on the power button - it looks awesome  . however, while the buttons stick out the right amount, they could use a tiny bit more feel when you press them in  . they spent a lot of time trying to make the a9 look classy yet at the same time it's not gauche  . it provides both a sense of occasion yet is also very usable at the same time  . at a glance, the display on the a9 is excellent  . while colors pop, they're also very restrained at the same time so the display looks more realistic  . another thing i noticed is that the display isn't very bright  . i suspect htc dialed down the maximum brightness since the a9 comes with an undersized 2150mah battery  . a mostly white screen, at maximum brightness can draw a crazy amount of power on a superamoled so this is necessary trade-off  . lately it been pretty overcast so i haven't had a chance to try the a9 outside  . most recent samsung phones tackle this problem with good results by having ridiculously bright displays  . the htc one m7 was one of the first phones to ship with optical image stabilization, so i was positively gutted this useful feature was left off the m8 and m9  . the sensor can take decent pictures but i found that in the 10 days or so that i've had it, it has taken very few keepers  . seems every single picture i took was either slightly out of focus, had too much motion blur, had large dark swaths or was too bright  . the camera also tends to miss certain colours  . video was fairly smooth thanks to the stabilization but it also tends to crush dark areas so that they don't have any detail  . the mic is quite good  . the same sensor has been on the back of some past htc flagships like the m7 and m8  . it tends to take gritty looking pictures  . i generally wasn't that pleased with it either  . however, the a9 which i have right now seems to have more or less the same amount of extra stuff you'd normally get with an htc phone  . i don't have a m9 handy to compare but the only things i don't see on the a9 is duplicate web browser from htc and blinkfeed  . otherwise, you still extras like mail, zoe along with some htc utilities like weather, flashlight, voice recorder, etc  . it's not to say that the a9 comes with lots of crap wear (it doesn't) but if you're looking for a nexus like experience you should stick with a nexus  . actually, the 4 faster cores in the a9's 617 are clocked slightly slower than the 615 in the play - 1  . i'm guessing the higher scores are probably due to the fact that the 617 supports slight faster ram (according to qualcomm's site)  . the 617's adreno 405 gpu is also slightly updated, it supports opengl es 3  . the real difference between the 615 and the 617 is that the 617 supports carrier aggregation for speeds of up to 300mbps  . of course, while you'll probably never encounter these speeds in real life, it can also benefit when the network is congested  . maximum earpiece is good while the speakerphone is only average  . amoled displays thrive indoors when you're watching video because videos tend to be darker than webpages (in general) and amoled screens draw less power when the screen is darker  . unlike the last couple of htc flagships, the a9 lacks stereo speakers  . you get a earpiece and a bottom mounted speaker like most phones but you can only use one at a time  . it's reasonably loud and while i wouldn't say it sounds terrible, it's worse than what you get in the m9, m8 and m7  . while i am unable to verify that the a9's headphone amp really is 3db louder than some competitors, i can say that it kicks like a mule - it's really loud  . they do get quite loud and can easily damage your hearing so make sure you don't play with the higher volume settings unless you're listening to a really quiet song  . that said, while it's a reasonably well rounded phone, it's price is just too high  . the problem with the a9 is that at 649 it basically costs about the same as a full-fat flagship like the nexus 6p ($50 more), lg g4 or a sony xperia z5  . is the a9 a lot nicer than a mid-range phone? absolutely, but the other phones i mentioned offer better processors and cameras for about the same money  . one of last year's most interesting phones was the oneplus one  . it was tailor made for enthusiasts; it packed flagship level specs with the popular cyanogenmod operating system all for a very palatable price  . to top it off, you needed an invite from oneplus before you could buy one  . of course, one requirement to being an enthusiast is having a short attention span so now we have the one's follow-up: the predictably named oneplus 2  . first off, the 5x is much easier to acquire, you walk into a carrier store and buy it or order online from google play  . however, if you can pick up a 2, you'll get a much fancier metal body, exchangeable back covers, 4gb of ram, 64gb of storage, a bigger screen (5  . 5' vs 5), bigger battery (3400mah vs 2700) and a beefier processor  . the 5x does have a better looking screen and probably the best camera on the market  . the materials and finishes all feel very classy  . from the cleanly drilled speaker holes to the chamfered bezels, the 2 has the body of a phone that could cost a lot more  . i like its heft too - like the kind you get from a fancy watch  . the original one had this feature as well, but the back covers were almost impossible to remove  . the 2's is much easier to remove yet it still manages to be very secure  . i just stuck with the standard sandstone cover - it's rough and kind of feels like a pumice stone  . there are power and volume buttons on the right side of the phone  . they don't stick out enough and as far feel goes, they aren't very good  . this makes them kind of unpredictable at times  . there's a 3 position silent mode slider on the left side  . top position is silent, middle is priority contacts only while the bottom settings is regular  . you can choose between using capacitive menu buttons or on-screen ones like on the original one  . it doesn't press in like the reader on a samsung or iphone  . you can touch it to use it like a home button or place and hold your finger on it to use it as a reader  . i love how you can set the 2 up to wake up and unlock when you place your finger on it  . still, as a reader, it's not quite as good as the readers on the latest nexus phones and the iphone 6s series  . still, since the 2 is one of the first devices with this, chances are that you won't have any spare ones lying around  . in that sense you may find it inconvenient if you're using to having a lot of spares like myself  . it may be more convenient but you're still going to have to re-buy your cables  . andrew's also been posting that usb type-c cables may have some compatibility issues with the new nexus devices  . this would make me weary to buy anything right now until things settle down  . 5' 1920x1080 display but it looks much nicer than the one's  . it's hard to capture with a camera so you'll have to take my word for it  . it's also not a color temperature issue because you can set a custom level via a slider  . it's also not quite as bright as some competitors though i didn't notice this until i compared it side-by-side so this isn't really an issue  . it also loses a bit more brightness off-angle but it's also pretty minor  . overall, it's a decent display  . if you're worried about it not being quad-hd like some other flagships don't sweat it  . to my eye's, it's every bit as sharp  . it's nice that they did this, but is there a reason why? i hope they were just being generous and not trying to cover up something sinister like the display not using top notch screen coatings  . 0 lens, dual led flash and laser autofocusing  . it takes decent pictures but when i look up close, i notice there's very aggressive noise reduction which removes some detail  . otherwise, it focuses quickly and is intuitive to use  . the optical image stabilization helps with video but the microphone picks up a lot of handling noise  . i suspect the rough finish on the back is partially to blame for this  . overall, the camera is good but not great  . it's a layer that sits on top of android 5  . the settings in particular contain a few extra options that enthusiasts will like like the ability to launch programs by double pressing the buttons plus some lock screen gestures  . while you can double press a button to launch the camera, the phone has to be unlocked first which limits this function's usefulness  . the nexus 5x has a more modest snapdragon 808 soc which has half as many of the 810's 4 higher-power a57 cores  . it does make a big difference in certain benchmarks, which are tailored to use all 4 cores but in everyday usage, you rarely need more than 2  . one thing that's nice about the 2 is that the 810 is more for qhd devices (2560x1440) while the 808 for full hd (1920x1080)  . the 810 has a reputation for generating a lot of heat  . while the top of the 2 gets fairly warm, it doesn't get hot  . in my netflix test, the 2 battery lasted an impressive 6  . that said, one time it drained rapidly while it was just sitting there doing nothing  . it may just be an isolated incident  . one nice extra is support for dual sims  . an even nicer extra is that the second sim isn't 2g only  . both sims appear to support lte  . it's somewhat loud with above average sound quality  . the headphone jack is located at the top  . while there's no microsd card, a 64gb 2 is relatively affordable and is probably enough storage for most users  . while a weak canadian dollar makes 2 a harder sell than the one, it still represents an excellent value proposition  . that said, oneplus' invite system, while kind of neat/fun the first time around, now it just feels unnecessary and inconvenient  . i mean phone nerds probably still find it to be pretty cool but try explaining to a 'normob' and they'll just take the path of least resistance like ordering a nexus 5x from googleplay  . still, if you're thinking of heading down the road of 2 ownership the invite system is just a minor bump  . it's a great phone - i don't have to qualify this with 'for the money'  . the last few zte phones that have come across my desk were all outstanding phones for the money  . the problem with this is that the people that typically buy those kind of phones have no idea who made it  . they're definitely off to a good start; let's check out the rest of the package  . for the same money, the moto x play has a more modest soc, half the storage and only a single camera on the back  . however, it's a much more well-rounded package mostly because the camera is a huge step up, the huge 3630mah battery also provides epic runtime though the zte isn't too shabby in this department  . between the axon and the moto x, it's a tougher call  . if you need an unlocked phone, then the x is a easy choice but then again getting a phone unlocked is usually pretty straight forward  . the moto x's big flaw is that it only comes with 16gb of storage which isn't expandable  . i guess 16gb is enough storage that you can live with it but the axon comes with a much more generous 32gb  . neither has a great camera but the moto x's is a bit better  . the moto x's trump card is that it just might be the most comfortable metal framed phone ever made  . anyways, either phone is a really balanced package so it's a toss up  . for your extra money, you get a phone with one of the very best cameras on the market  . it's soc is also a bit faster  . even though the 5x has less storage, it's a more well-rounded package and thus easier to live with choice  . the back is metal with plastic on the top and bottom parts  . it makes the axon a very solid phone  . the top and bottom of the front look like they are are covered with long speaker grills  . however, if you look closely you'll see that only small part of it is used as a speaker  . note that the volume buttons are on the left while the power button and shutter buttons are on the right  . i prefer this arrangement as it keeps the sides from getting too cluttered  . it's a nice phone to hold that's easy to use  . at 400ppi, it's extremely sharp  . viewing angles are decent  . colour looks accurate  . overall, it's a very good display  . the extra camera allows the axon to blur out the background  . here's how it works  . you know how slr cameras usually have nicely blurred out backgrounds? it's mostly a function of their imaging sensors which are many times larger than a typical smartphone's (there are other factors but that's one of the main ones)  . back to slr cameras, a shallow depth of field is often desirable because it helps to isolate your subject  . since the axon's second camera captures depth information, it knows where the background is and is able to blur them out to approximate the effect you'd get from a much bigger sensor  . this is all great but there's a big problem; the axon's camera sensor isn't very good  . it's very noisy indoors and has a very limited dynamic range  . dark areas have no details while bright areas are usually blown out  . it's only usable outdoors or indoors when there is plenty of light and your scene doesn't have anything too bright (like a window) or too dark  . i can't help but wonder if the axon would have been better off if zte had ditched the extra camera and used those resourced on putting a better sensor in  . it's a real shame because the camera app itself actually has a lot of features  . to take advantage of the depth camera, there's a bokeh mode which lets you choose just how blurred you want your background to be  . you can go back and adjust the amount of blur and focus after the fact  . video also looks pretty awful  . recorded audio doesn't sound all that great either  . it's a pretty standard overlay, custom home screen, modified pull down toggles, skinned buttons along with duplicates for some of the built-in apps  . the default keyboard is touchpal which looks like it's designed more for users who require chinese character entry  . one nice extra is that there is support for multiple users  . zte hasn't had the greatest record when it comes to keeping their devices updated here in canada  . software updates aren't as important to this segment of the market as it is to someone who shelling out for a flagship  . i recently had a chance to sit down with lixin cheng, president of zte north america and he acknowledged that software updates are important to a phone like the axon because it's their zte flagship device here in canada  . while he didn't make any promises, the fact that he's cognisant of the importance of updates to the axon means there's a better chance it will get updates  . it's typical of what you'd find in an early 2014 flagship phone like a samsung gs5 or an htc one m8  . is newer better? not really, while its newer, qualcomm is really good at making sure there's quite a cushion between their flagship 800 series soc and the not-quite flagship 600 series  . having said that, strangely enough, the axon scores noticeably lower than the 2014 moto x even though they have the same soc  . the pcmark score is especially puzzling  . is it a ram speed issue? maybe the axon ships with slower ram? i ran geekbench and the axon's ram actually scores higher than the x, so it's not that  . is it a case of the axon running too hot and having to keep its speed under wraps? i doubt it because it barely gets warm when running pcmark  . i tried tossing it in the fridge for a while but that doesn't result in higher scores so it's not a heat issue  . for some reason it's just unwilling to put the pedal to the metal  . the only time the axon feels faster than the play is when you're installing apps or launching large ones  . in those cases the axon is usually a few seconds faster  . game levels also typically load a tiny bit faster on the zte  . when you type in a new address in google maps and are flying around, it's is quite a bit smoother  . while the 801 is afraid to run fast, its gpu seems unaffected  . while maximum earpiece volume is average, the earpiece sweet spot is hard to locate because it is located too close to the edge  . this also makes it uncomfortable to use  . 7 hours of netflix playback though it trails the moto x play and its impressive 12  . the large grill on the top and bottom make it look as if the axon has a mean set of stereo speakers  . the worst thing though is that the speakers don't sound all that great  . they don't have a lot of bass and they're not that loud  . they should have spent that money on better speakers  . when i connected my headphones (sennheiser momentum on-ear), i was appalled at the sound quality  . the default setting sounds like it's been tuned by a child who turned all the settings to max  . once you've turned the dolby setting off, sound quality is pretty good  . i did a bit of listening to it but couldn't really tell if the separate dac and adc's make a difference - mostly because i couldn't guarantee the source where my flac files were coming from  . anyways, the axon has a excellent sound quality plus it's quite powerful  . the snapdragon 801 and 32gb of built-in storage are fairly generous for its price point  . ditto for the classy metal case  . while the zte axon has some high points at a reasonable price, overall it's not a well rounded package  . first off, it's the first nexus that's actually smaller than its predecessor while at the same time, the line itself bifurcates into regular and phablet sizes  . to me, the smaller size tells me that that for now, the market has decided that they're happy with how large phones are in general  . the 6p is also smaller than the 6 but it's still one of the larger phones on the market, which should satisfy people like me who don't mind something a little bigger  . a bigger, better display, 3gb of ram vs 2gb (a noticeable difference), more generous storage options, more battery life and much better speakers  . i did notice when i was typing out the lte band support that the 5x and 6p differ slightly  . the 5x adds bands 1, and 20 while it lacks band 30  . i checked and it looks like band is owned by at&t and isn't currently used for lte while 1 and 20 are more for roaming overseas  . that said, it has aged well and in absolute terms, the specs kind of slot it in between a 2015 mid-range and high end phone  . while the 5x lacks optical image stabilization, i'd say it's an all-around better phone  . if you liked the 5 for its reasonable size, note that the 5x is quite a bit larger  . 2' bigger but it's got a much bigger top and bottom  . the front is pretty generic looking  . i think we're both right  . i prefer the lg's drilled grills over the 6p's less interesting covers  . while the design looks the same, the 5x can only use one of the speakers at a time, they're not used for stereo like they are on the 6p  . it's a very clean design with plastic cover and a matte paint job  . while i'm not a fan of the 6p, the huawei's metal back is much more tactile and gives it a sense of occasion that's sorely missing from the 5x's which feels much more austere  . i'd go as far as to say that the back cover feels a bit cheap  . note that i'm not a metal phone snob, the lg g4 has a plastic body and it's very solid  . heck, the much more modest g4 vigor's plastic body also feels much nicer  . you get a fingerprint reader on the back, like the 6p but i noticed something funny  . since the 5x is narrower than the 6p, i find it's reader less conveniently placed  . on a taller and wider phone like the 6p, your index finger normally lies closer to the reader on the back which makes it more intuitive to use  . still, i think the idea of a rear-mounted reader to be a flawed one  . i often sit down to work so i don't like having to lift a phone up to have to unlock it  . otherwise the reader works well  . i like how you can put your finger on it to turn on the phone and unlock it in one motion  . one important factor when determine how nice a phone is to use is the size of it  . if you've used a phablet and found it to be too big, then you might like how the 5x is one size smaller  . it's a new type of usb connector that can carry enough power to charge a laptop plus it's reversible so you don't need to worry about whether your microusb is upside down or not  . the new connector works well but in the short term, it causes 2 problems  . first off, if you like the convenience of having a few extra micro usb cables then you'll need to go out and get new cables  . speaking of charging, like the 6p, the 5x omits wireless charging - a feature previously championed by google  . does this mean wireless charging is dead? while i'm 100% sure wireless charging will be back, for now it's sort of on life support  . in it's current incarnation, it's just too limiting to be useful so has some growing up to do before it's a must-have feature  . with a sharpness of over 400 ppi it's as sharp as a tack  . color is also quite nice  . that said, i was a little disappointed with the display because it doesn't have the deepest blacks  . i was expecting something like what you get with the g4  . overall, it's a minor issue but since i've been spoiled by the g4, it's something i noticed  . overall though, this is a minor problem  . i think most will be happy with it  . on the back you get the same brilliant camera as the nexus 6p  . it has a dual led flash, autofocus and the same laser autofocus which is also found on the lg g3, g4, etc  . despite a lack of optical image stabilization - a feature which is becoming very common, the 5x cameras is one of the very best cameras on the market  . it's ability to control noise without sacrificing detail is impressive  . focusing is usually quick and accurate  . shot-to-shot speeds are good  . if you have the 5x and 6p side-by-side, you'll notice that the 5x pictures look a lot brighter on its screen  . i suspect it's a amoled vs lcd thing  . i love how you can quickly launch the camera by double pressing the power button  . the 6p's is quite a bit better in low light than the 5x's which isn't all that great  . while the omission of stabilization doesn't keep the 5x from taking great pictures, it does make for jerky video  . while it looks fine if you're staying still, the moment you move, there's no doubt it's not as smooth as some other phones  . like the 6p, the 5x comes with android 6  . the 5x's great, great grandfather, the nexus 4 received updates from google for closet to 3 years  . 0 is built-in fingerprint reader support  . i've been using readers since the iphone 5s and once you've used one, it's hard to go back to pin codes, passwords and unlocking patterns  . i used to use pin codes religiously but now i find them a nuisance and can't be bothered  . a small change i noticed is that the 5x will tell you how fast it's charging (regular or fast charging) along with time remaining to full charge  . it's nice to know how fast it's going when you're using a new charger you're not familiar with  . some other changes which i had to look up include improved power management when you're not using the phone  . where the 810 does have an advantage is when it comes to graphics  . the 810 pairs with a more powerful adreno 430 while the 808 has the adreno 418  . the 430 is more suited for qhd devices like the 6p, while the 418 pairs better with a fhd display  . this doesn't make any difference to benchmarks but practically speaking if you switch between apps a lot then going from 2-3gb does make a small difference  . you get a 2700mah battery which i'd say is sized about right for the size of the display and the soc  . i tested the battery by leaving the screen brightness at 50% with adaptive brightness on  . i played a netflix video for an hour and recorded the battery percent before and after and then extrapolated this to see how long it would take to drain the battery completely  . not bad  . 25 hrs while the 6p lasted a remarkable 8  . i adore the 6p's stereo front facing speakers  . they sound amazing and are very powerful  . given than the 5x's sibling, the g4 has one of the most powerful speakers on the market, i was expecting a lot from the 5x  . so while they're average to slightly above average, i was a bit disappointed because i was expecting way more  . 32gb is a nice starting point but if you need more, you'll be disappointed because there's no microsd slot  . headphone jack is located on the bottom - where it should be as far as i'm concerned  . the 6p's is located on top of the phone  . the 5x isn't a bad phone but it has the misfortune of being released at the same time as the nexus 6p  . the 6p addresses most of the 5x shortcomings - namely the plastic body, the milky blacks, the ordinary sounding speakers and to some, the lack of built-in storage  . i can imagine how excited lg was to find out that google wanted them to design the 5x and then having the wind being taken out of their sails when they said huawei would be making the 6p, the nexus flagship device  . you get this feeling that while lg made the nexus 5x, they didn't put the same enthusiasm they did when they designed the nexus 5 and the 4  . if you think phablets are too hard to use with one hand and are too big for your pocket then chances are the 5x is the perfect size for you  . it's about as big as you can go while still being usable with just one hand, plus it's easy to whip out of your pocket  . then there's the price, at $500 can for the 16gb the 5x is priced about right  . it's right there in no-man's land  . it's about $100 cheaper than a flagship but a bit more than a upper-midrange phone like the moto x play or a zte axom  . overall, while it's not a bad phone, the 5x is overshadowed by the 6p  . last year's nexus 6 gained a lot of flack from me and andrew for its high $749 price tag  . expensive phones are fine if they're best-in-class products but while the nexus 6 is a nice phone, there were better choices available  . it gains a rear-mounted fingerprint reader but loses the optical image stabilization  . is the 6p a worthy contender? let's check it out  . the first thing i noticed about the 6p is that last year's 6 has a much more coherent design  . the 6p looks like a mishmash of different designs and has a back only a mother could love  . the processor is faster, the display is much better, you also get a kickass camera along with a bigger battery and the convenience of a fingerprint reader  . more bang for your buck is always a good thing  . while you get a faster processor, the display is the real story here  . it's brighter, has better viewing angles and better colour  . last year's 6 looks dirty and in comparison  . the processor feels faster than benchmarks indicate  . the camera app in particular starts noticeably faster on the 6p  . speaking of the camera, while the 6p lacks the 6's optical image stabilization it runs circles around the 6's camera in terms of image quality and low light performance  . it always felt like motorola tried to save a few bucks with the 6's camera and then tried to cover it up with image stabilization  . the 6p's camera feels like a top-of-the-line sensor  . both have pretty amazing stereo speakers  . the 6p appears to utilize very strong stereo widening techniques to simulate surround sound  . i'm more concerned that have as much bass as possible and are as loud as possible and sound reasonably accurate  . this is where the 6p speakers shine  . that said, if the music you're listening too already sounds really processed then you might not like the result  . the 6 has slightly meatier bass but 9/10 people are going to prefer the 6p over the 6's speakers  . then there's the fingerprint reader, once you get used to the convenience of a reader it's hard to go back to pin codes or unlock patterns  . while the back may have quite an appearance deficit but it's quite a big upgrade over the 6  . the front is almost identical to the 6p - i have a hard time telling them apart  . so they have the same processor, same rear camera while the 5x has a smaller, lower resolution display along with a correspondingly smaller battery  . the 5x may be more wallet friendly but you're getting quite a bit less phone too  . to my eyes they're just as sharp as each other so don't read anything into this useless spec  . rather the 6p has a top notch superamoled display (as opposed to the nexus 6's not-that-great superamoled) while the 5x has not-quite-flagship level ips lcd  . it has decent colour but it's blacks aren't very good plus there is some unevenness on the right near the top  . the 2 rear-facing cameras are identical but the front facing camera on the 5x is noticeably worse  . the 6p's speakers are much louder, you get 2 of them (only one at a time on the 5x) plus they sound much better on the 6p  . they're both extremely generic and unmemorable in front though i do prefer the 5x's speaker holes vs the 6p's speaker 'pills' in front  . the 6p and its metal body feels much nicer than the 5x's plastic body  . while the 5x's sibling, the lg g4 also has a plastic body, the 5x's feels much cheaper  . to be honest, the worst thing about the 5x is that it was released around the same time as the 6p  . if it had come out before or after the 6p we wouldn't be focusing so much on how much worse it is that it's larger brother  . why huawei? while huawei does world-wide and is a big force in the smartphone market, they're not known for their fancy phones here in north america  . while they make solid phones, i'm guessing most of their customers don't even know they're using a huawei phone  . they appeal to that part of the market  . it also and helps potential customers become more comfortable spend more than $200 or $300 on a huawei phone  . that said, the design of the front of the 6p is pretty bland  . it actually matches the 5x with some minor changes so i'm guessing google mandated what they wanted the front of the phone to look like  . they look so similar i sometimes have trouble telling them apart when i'm sorting through my pictures of each device  . then from huawei's perspective the worst thing about the 6p is that it's not very huawei-ish  . don't get me wrong, it's an amazing phone but at the same time it's very generic  . it may sell well but it doesn't do too much to get their name out  . i mean the huawei logo is on the back in relatively small lettering  . it's quite nice  . i like the chamfered finish on the corners of the sides  . i don't see any gaps but at the same time i don't see any exposed screws so getting the 6p serviced may be an ordeal  . note that this problem affects many phones and isn't specific to the nexus 6p  . still, the 6p is probably going to be a fairly popular phone so getting it serviced will probably not be too hard  . i don't normally comment on how a phone looks but the back of the 6p is pretty homely looking  . i joke that it's called the 6p because that's how much huawei paid for the back's design  . the area on the camera is an attempt at balancing out the design but yet the camera is in the corner (where i personally prefer it) while the bottom has is covered with a piece of plastic with a different finish on it  . then again, in all seriousness though, who really cares what the back looks like  . if it's ugly it just means it's a good candidate for a case  . just get a case with a nintendo gameboy or a cassette tape on it and you're golden  . you don't have to swipe  . the idea is that your index finger is normally on the back of the phone when you're picking it up so putting a reader there is the most logical choice  . i blame my use of iphones and samsung galaxy phones for this since i turn the phones on by using the home buttons  . i guess if you're used to phones that lack this then the reader might be more intuitive  . secondly, the home and volume buttons are in the way so when reach for the reader i tend to hit those buttons which sometimes causes unexpected results  . lastly, if you're like me a tend to use their phone while it's lying flat then the rear mounted reader will be annoying because you'll need to pick it up to unlock it and then put it back down  . in terms of performance and accuracy it's comparable to my iphone 6s plus so it's excellent  . i do like how you can forgo the power button completely and just place your finger on the reader to turn it on and unlock it  . the headphone jack is located on top  . it can also handle enough power so that it can be used to charge a laptop  . usb-c is a nice upgrade but in the short term it's a bit of a headache if you have a large investment in microusb cables  . first off if you like the convenience of having lots of cables around then you'll need to re-buy them  . since usb-c is still fairly new, chances are you'll need to pay more for them than you did your microusb cables  . i'm not sure if the metal body is to blame but wireless charging - a feature previously championed by nexus phones is missing from the 6p  . does this mean that wireless charging in general is doomed  . i have a few problems with wireless charging:  . if i'm stuck with wireless charging it's a bit harder to keep using my phone whereas if i have a cable i just attach it and keep going  . to me it's easier to attach a cable than it is to find the sweet spot on a wireless charger  . between my phones, my glasses, alarm clock, and a bunch of other stuff i just don't have room for this on my nightstand  . i don't think wireless charging is going anywhere but it still needs a few more generations before it will gain wider acceptance  . once i've unlocked the 6p it's a very easy phone to use  . you don't get any of the usability issues you get on many higher-end samsung phones  . there's just enough bezels on the side to give you something to hold onto without having to resort to putting part of your hand on the screen  . the top and bottom are a bit taller than most phones but the stereo speakers are worth the extra space they take up  . more importantly, the 6p is much easier to hold than the nexus 6 which is just a bit too wide  . you'd get a top-notch 5  . it's an excellent display  . color looks good and viewing angles are excellent  . the only problem is that it turns blue when you view it off-angle though the problem isn't as pronounced as it is on the note 5/gs6 edge+  . it's very sharp and the super high resolution means the pentile pattern isn't noticeable when you're viewing solid colors  . either they came with cameras that were worse than competitors and or came with horrible camera software  . anyways, the 6p fixes both these problems  . it's much better than the one you get on the 6 (even after you upgrade it to marshmallow)  . it's focuses quickly with excellent shot-to-shot speeds  . colour and white balance are accurate  . noise is really well controlled  . it either has the best camera sensor when it comes to low light or it has the best and smartest noise reduction software  . i love how you can quickly start the camera by double tapping the power button  . i wonder if google 'borrowed' this idea from the samsung gs6 (double tap the home button) and i hope that apple 'borrows' this idea asap  . more importantly, it's a good camera in the real world when you're doing stuff like chasing your kids around  . alas, while the 6p has a top-notch sensor, it lacks optical image stabilization which is a bit puzzling since its last 2 predecessors along with many competitors have this feature  . still the nexus 6p is able to take great pics indoors despite the lack of stabilization  . while video in general looks pretty good, the lack of ois means it has to rely heavily on digital stabilization which isn't the same thing  . video can get a little blurry as the 6p tries to compensate for shake  . things get especially shaky if you're walking around  . the weirdest thing about the 6p's video is that it doesn't capture any detail in dark areas  . the 6p's great, great grandfather, the nexus 4 received updates from google for closet to 3 years  . 0 is built-in fingerprint reader support  . i've been using readers since the iphone 5s and once you've used one it's hard to go back to pin codes, passwords and unlocking patterns  . i used to use pin codes religiously but now i find them a nuisance and can't be bothered  . a small change i noticed is that the 6p will tell you how fast it's charging (regular or fast charging) along with time remaining to full charge  . it's nice to know how fast it's going when you're using a new charger you're not familiar with  . some other changes which i had to look up include improved power management when you're not using the phone  . earlier this year it gained a bad rep for running too hot in the htc one m9  . indeed while it should be a jump from last year's 805 and 801 soc, in the m9 it wasn't much faster due to throttling  . it could run faster in short spurts but then it would get too hot so it would have to slow itself down to give itself a chance to cool off  . anyways, the 6p does get warm but it never gets hot  . more importantly, compared to the m9, the 6p scores better and is better able to sustain its performance even after repeated benchmarking  . is it because the 810 in the 6p is made with a more mature process so it doesn't heat up as much? or is it just because the m9 is smaller (smaller phones heat up faster)  . in absolute terms, while it's faster than the one m9, it's still a step behind the soc in the samsung gs6/gs6 edge/gs6 edge+/note 5  . however pc mark shows that the 6 is actually faster  . anyways, while the benchmarks are iffy, i find that the nexus 6p is consistently half a step quicker than the nexus 6  . games usually launch about 10% faster on the 6p plus it usually finishes drawing webpages first  . the important thing to take away is that the 810 is able to handle the 6p's quadhd display and still give you flagship performance  . incoming audio is very clean without sounding unnatural  . i'm big on real world testing  . as such, i'm setting each device to 50% brightness with auto-brightness turned on - just like they are when first turn them on  . i put each device in the corner of one of the desks in my office (it's relatively bright in here) and leave some space around it  . i let netflix play for an hour and then record how much the battery has drained  . next i extrapolated the drain into how long it would take to drain the battery from 100% down to 0 for easier readability  . the test is real enough that i'm satisfied  . the 6p lost about 12% during the hour while last year's 6 lost 18%  . 0 (marshmallow) and are running the latest version of netflix available from google play at the time of this writing  . not a bad showing  . i'm also thinking of choosing a different show as the first episode of daredevil is pretty dark (brightness wise) which may unfairly favor amoled displays which consume less power when the screen is dark  . the top and bottom speakers provide front-facing stereo  . it's wide enough to provide noticeable channel separation when you're holding it close by in landscape mode  . they're very powerful and have excellent sound quality  . it's so powerful that the 6p actually shakes  . i don't know this for a fact but my ears tell me there is some strong processing to provide some simulated surround sound  . i don't normally dig this sort of thing but on a pair of front facing speakers it's actually a good thing  . the speakers get lost in the specs but i think they're actually one of the 6p's best points  . i guess it's a given that each version of nexus gets better than the last but in the case of the 6p it's a much bigger leap over its predecessor than its previous versions have been  . on paper it's not all that different but the 6p really improves on the previous one in almost all areas  . the screen resolution is unchanged but it looks better  . the speakers are improved, the battery is bigger and you can get it with more storage  . however the biggest upgrade is the camera  . previous nexus phones have never had great cameras plus they were usually crippled with google's awful camera software  . really, aside from the inconveniently placed fingerprint reader, missing optical image stabilization and the lack of removable storage/battery the 6p doesn't have any major weaknesses  . the "p" could stand for perfection  . there are 2 main reasons why; first off, there's no nice way to put it but when it comes to tablets, i'm a cheapskate  . while i'm fine spending top dollar on a flagship phone, i'm hesitant to open my purse strings - sorry man's bag - when it comes to a tablet  . i'm too lazy to tether off my phone, it has too much of an impact on my battery plus i use way too much data to leave it on anyways  . however, lte usually commands quite a price premium - something my wallet is allergic to  . my parsimonious purse strings purse strings simply won't allow me drop a stack on a tablet with lte, i'd rather having no tablet than have an expensive one with lte  . fortunately, zte's grand x view might be just the answer for me  . it's only a cheque book friendly $240 straight up on bell  . sure, you could tether off your phone but i've always thought it was a bit of a hassle plus it can be bad for your wallet's health if you forget to turn it off  . 16:9 works fine on phones because they need to be a little narrower so that they're more friendly for one-handed use  . on a tablet, 4:3 screens are well suited for surfing the web and reading text while 16:9 tablets like the zte are more optimised for watching video  . first off, the tab a has an absolutely ragged looking 1024 x 768 display  . you can adjust the jagged looking display but you'll always notice it  . you could argue that it comes with a super amoled display but honestly, this doesn't make any difference resolution-wise  . i can imagine the struggle at samsung between designers who wanted to put a full 2gb of ram in the tab a and bean counters wanting to save $2 by only squeezing in 1  . guess who won at samsung  . the tab a comes with a more modest snapdragon 410 soc while the view comes with the speedier 615  . to be perfectly honest the camera on the view sucks - that said, i don't know about you but i always use my phone to take pictures so to me, a camera is not an important feature on a tablet  . as long as i have one i'm a happy camper  . i guess for some businesses, this may be important so if that's you, you should check out the tab a camera to see if it's any good before making any decisions  . anyways between the view and the tab, the zte wins by a landslide  . at a glance it looks like you're getting a better badge for the same price but it's not quite so simple  . the difference in sharpness between a full hd and a hd display on a 8' screen is noticeable - this is the biggest difference between the 2  . the more interesting feature is a full sized usb port  . you can use it to connect your phone though i doubt most will do this  . you can also use it to charge your phone but then again, power banks are dirt cheap these days  . it would be easier to just get a power bank since it will be smaller and thus more portable  . 5gb of ram and a more advanced snapdragon 615 soc vs the 400 series soc in the lg  . while not particularly stylish looking - it's still a purposeful looking tablet  . the body is plastic but it's got a sturdy weighty feel to it  . there are stereo speakers located on the top and bottom  . the 8' 1920x1080 ips lcd is fairly sharp  . it's fairly bright with decent colour  . often times i thought text and icons were a bit small  . you can adjust the text size in the settings but this doesn't really fix the problem  . if you have problems seeing small text and want a tablet for its larger text the zte isn't the greatest choice  . the camera is pretty awful  . it's one of those cases where you the question isn't whether the camera is good or not  . having a camera is better than not having one at all  . it comes with zte's overlay which is pretty basic  . otherwise it's a pretty simple overlay  . the only other big change is that it comes with mmguardian which lets you lock the down zte which is nice if you have kids  . you get a snapdragon 615, the same soc you'll find on many mid-range phones like from the lg g4 vigor, sony xperia m4 aqua and motorola moto x play  . it has incrementally better browsing performance and substantially better graphics performance compared to its little brother, the snapdragon 410 and 400 which you'll find on competing samsung and lg tablets  . lower resolution means less pixels to push which makes it easier on its soc  . benchmarks don't reveal this but the view feels a bit more pokey than other 615 devices i have lying around  . its transitions feel a bit more choppy  . sometimes it pauses too - is it the fault of the overlay  . anyways, it's far from sexy but the 615 still provides adequate performance and is more than you'd expect at this price point  . network signal isn't very good in my basement so both devices dropped down to hspa  . turns out the zte did very well with 10mbps downlink while the edge+ only managed 6mbps  . the zte also stronger signal and higher signal quality  . i didn't bother testing lte because the edge+ has carrier aggregation (lte-a) while the zte doesn't and will probably get higher scores  . inside is a 4620mah battery which is a decent size for an 8" tablet  . they can tether all day without having to worry about running out of juice  . i love how there are stereo speakers  . they sound good and are fairly loud  . they're located on the top and bottom (or sides if you're holding it in landscape)  . you also get dolby sound which i'm not normally fond of but on the zte it actually makes it better  . overall the grand x view provides sufficient specs, good enough components and lte with a can't miss price tag  . if tablets were ice cream then lte is hot fudge - they were made for each other  . if you can afford the data charges and have enough ram, storage and resolution, then having lte is better than having more of the aforementioned specs  . you can't go wrong with the grand x view  . when the iphone 6 plus was released last year is was the biggest change to apple's iphone since the original model  . up until then, for whatever reason, apple had resisted market trends and stuck with small screens for their iphones  . the thing with the 6 plus though is that it wasn't much of an improvement over the 5s in the processing power department  . the problem with this is that since its soc was only marginally faster than its predecessor  . so it didn't really feel any faster  . more importantly, just like its predecessors the 5s and 5, the 6 plus only comes with 1gb of ram while its competition comes with 2 to 4gb of ram which makes a big difference when you're switching programs  . while the iphone has usually enjoyed a performance advantage over its competition, the fact that the 6 plus wasn't much faster than the 5s meant that they had a chance to catch up and in some cases, surpass it  . so a jump in performance is sorely needed  . most of the differences between the 6 plus and the 6s plus lie under the hood  . the most important is that there is now 2gb of ram  . the soc is now faster to the point that the speed difference is noticeable  . stuff like the fingerprint reader, camera app and apps now launch fast enough that you don't have to compare  . the camera is incrementally better  . you get a more sensitive sensor which also captures more pixels so there's no downside plus it can record 4k video  . there's 3d touch support, basically, the 6s plus knows how hard you're touching it  . as of right now it's only useful with the built-in apps so it remains to be seen if this is a killer feature  . if you have a 6 plus already i'd say hold off for the next version but if you have an older iphone, are thinking about upgrading and don't mind the price tag them it's a worthy upgrade  . in fact, i think the curved edges makes the edge+ more difficult to handle  . i just procrastinated from writing this and tried gaming on the edge+ and it was tough because there's nothing to hold onto  . anyways, the note 5 is only available with 32gb of storage - at least here in canada  . 32gb is a good amount, it's certainly way more useful than the base 6s plus' 16gb of storage  . the edge+ also has a more powerful speaker  . both have incredible cameras, any differences between them is minor  . i prefer the colour on the iphone but some prefer the samsung amoled screens  . i will say though that the iphone's off angle performance is a lot better because it doesn't turn blue like the note's does  . neither has a removable battery or storage so they're both equally inept in this department  . speaking of batteries, the note 5 (and edge+) support wireless charging (both qi and powermat) and both support fast charging (15 watt charger) so they have this advantage over the 6 plus which doesn't support wireless charging and can only be charged at up to 12 watts  . both are imminently capable but i prefer the iphone's body just because it's a easier to hold and use  . if you're already using ios there's no real compelling reason to switch to android unless you're tired to exorbitant apple prices and are okay with samsung's merely expensive price tags  . at a glance they appear identical but the 6s plus is actually a tiny bit bigger than 6 plus  . if you're trying to re-use your 6 plus case on a 6s plus it might fit but it won't fit well so chances are you'll have to buy a new one  . however, the older case for the 6 plus sort of fits the 6s plus but it doesn't wrap around the sides as well  . the fit is off enough that i broke down and bought a new case rather than reuse my 6 plus case  . otherwise it's just like the 6 plus  . the buttons are very tactile and a joy to press  . this makes it a good choice if you're going to use a case  . then again, skinny jeans aren't quite as in now so i guess maybe   . the bezel is relatively thick - i personally don't have a problem with this since it makes it easier to handle  . while they have identical specs, the 6s plus' has a different calibration - to my eyes its whites are a bit warmer  . otherwise the displays are pretty similar  . at 401ppi it's not quite as sharp as some quad hd android flagships but as someone who uses phones with these displays regularly (lg g4, gs6 edge+, nexus 6, etc), i never notice any difference so it's only an advantage on paper  . colour is nice and restrained  . blacks are identical to the 6 plus which makes it one of the better lcd's in this regard  . viewing angles and outdoor performance are identical and still right up there with the best  . one new feature is 3d touch, with it the 6 plus can sense how hard you're touching the screen  . for now it only works with the built-in apps so the jury is out on how useful it will be  . when you use 3d touch the 6s plus can use the vibration motor to make it feel like you've actually pressed the screen  . remember the old blackberry storm 2 or motorola rokr e8 from 6 years ago? it's like that - you'll swear that the screen moved when you pressed it even though it didn't  . oh and in case you're wondering, yes it does work through screen protectors  . i'm still investigating but so far it seems to work through both glass and plastic  . while the resolution has remained static, the image quality has improved each generation  . the problem with an 8 megapixel sensor is that it doesn't have enough pixels for 4k video  . as such, the 6s plus camera receives a resolution bump and now boasts 12 megapixels which is more than enough for 4k  . it's pretty much the same as htc's zoe feature which came out 3 years ago  . while it sounds interesting in practise i turned this feature off - just like i did on the htc one m7, m8 and m9  . i preferred the old way of doing this as sometimes i wanted to slow things down a little and other times a lot  . better yet, i'd like to see variable speed control in 30 fps increments  . i love how responsive the camera is along with its outstanding image quality  . my only complaint is that i wish the macro performance was a bit better  . don't get me wrong, it's one of the best around but the gs6 and g4 can get even closer  . despite the bump in resolution the new camera has better low light performance with less noise  . aside from taking up more space, there doesn't seem to be a penalty to using the 4k mode  . thanks to the faster processor, switching between picture and video mode is noticeable faster  . it captures more detail and supports a selfie flash where it lights up the screen to help illuminate your face  . ios 9 is available on devices as old as the iphone 4s - a device which was first released almost 4 and a half years ago  . so while apple makes no promises, there's a good chance the 6s plus will receive updates for many years to come  . some newer android devices are getting better - some of the getting updates for 2 years or more but they still have a way to go  . while many generations of iphones are able to run ios 9, certain ios 9 features aren't available on older devices  . some features exclusive to the 6s series include the 4k video i mentioned, 3d touch support and the ability to use the keyboard as a mouse when selecting text  . i don't use safari myself but it now supports 3rd party add ons like ad blockers  . i guess this is apple's way of getting more people to use safari/stick it to google with content publishers like yours truly in the middle  . when i'm out, it bugs me every now and then to remind me how traffic is and long it would take to get home  . for example, if i'm at shopper drug mart (think a smaller more expensive walgreens or maybe duane reade in canada) there's a link to the app when i switch tasks  . they also made it easier to move the cursor around  . pressing and holding the keyboard allows you to slide the cursor around around like a mouse when you're typing  . note that it's just for text, it doesn't allow you to surf web pages like you would on a computer  . the 6 plus was only a minor improvement over the 5s in the processing power department  . the 6s plus doesn't deviate from this strategy as its a9 soc is a substantial improvement over the a8 in the performance department  . indeed, the 6s plus is a big jump up from the 6 plus but how does this translate into real life  . well, apps launch more quickly but the thing is, the 6 plus isn't exactly slow so it's a case of fast vs faster with the 6s plus  . one of my favorite games, plants vs zombies 2 usually takes a while to launch  . most regular apps on the other hand already launch fairly quickly on the regular model so difference between it and the 6s plus isn't as noticeable  . i don't know about you but when it comes to my 6 plus last year i remember its camera launching much faster than it does now  . is it a case of it actually taking longer or is it just a case of me getting used to phones like the gs6 and it's siblings which are all capable of pulling up their cameras even faster  . anyways, the 6s plus can launch its camera a hair faster than the gs6 though once you take into account the samsung's double tap home button to launch they're essentially equal  . another area which is a welcome improvement is the touchid  . the fingerprint reader on the 6 plus isn't exactly slow but there was a noticeable gap between it and the speedier gs6  . the 6s plus regains the lead in the fingerprint reader sprint - it's now almost instantaneous  . practically speaking, it's so fast that if subsequent versions add more speed the difference won't be as noticeable unless you have them side by side  . next they need to improvement when my fingers are wet  . really, the biggest difference between the 2 iphones is that the 6s plus comes with 2gb of ram  . this actually makes far more of a difference than the faster processor does  . the 6 plus is constantly re-launching programs because it only has enough ram to keep one large program open at a time along with a couple of small ones  . when i'm gaming and get a new message i have to weigh whether i want to risk losing some of my progress in order to respond  . you see, switching to my messaging app and then possibly clicking a link may be enough for the 6 to close my game in order to free up some memory  . 2gb of ram is enough to play games, check messages and do some light browsing without having to relaunch anything  . to me this is the biggest difference between between the 6 and 6s plus  . if you're using a 5s and have been waiting for a faster iphone then it's time for the 6s and 6s plus  . i'm very disappointed by this as the android competition has surpassed the iphone in this regard - especially samsung - the gs6 and it's siblings' earpiece and speakerphones are all significantly louder than the iphone  . they're confident that the new a9 soc is efficient enough to offset the drop in battery capacity  . the way i see it is that a loss in capacity is never a good thing  . even if the claimed battery life is identical, it's one of those things you can never have enough of  . if you have your phone on silent a lot (like myself), you should know that the vibration motor is much stronger  . i guess one reason why it's louder is because the 3d touch feature needs something very responsive to provide the haptics  . it sounds decent and is just as loud as the 6 plus  . phones like the lg g4 sound even better and are much, much louder  . like its predecessors, the base model 6s plus only comes with 16gb of storage which as as far as i'm concerned a travesty  . 16gb is fine on a device that costs $200-300 but on a phone that starts at close to $1000 should come with a minimum of 32gb of storage  . the problem with 16gb is that if you actually use your iphone, it's very easy to fill that space up very quickly  . don't forget that you need to keep enough free space to allow for updates  . i'm a bit conflicted about the 6s plus  . the boost in speed is also a welcome as is the improved camera which can shoot 4k video  . you could argue that ios is more frugal with ram but the thing is, iphone has been really lagging in this area so apple is merely playing catch up and still lags by a little bit  . as for the 3d touch, i don't typically use the built-in apps much so right now, for me it's not a feature i use at all  . while it's definitely cool, it's going to take time for it to be truly useful  . in canada, my 6s plus 128gb cost a breathtaking $1289 before taxes  . i tell you, while i like my iphone, i don't feel really good when i think about how much i paid for it  . i've been reviewing a lot of $250-$400 phones lately and for good reason; with phones like the moto x play, asus zenfone 2 and alcatel onetouch idol 3, this segment of the market is just red hot with competition  . not to be left out, sony has their $300 locked on bell and virgin, xperia m4 aqua which brings a very uncommon but very practical feature - water resistance  . vs alcatel onetouch idol 3:  . for the same money you can pick up one of my favs, the idol 3  . the idol pulls ahead with a full hd (1080p) display while the sony's is a more pedestrian hd (720p)  . it also has stereo speakers which sound better and an beefy 3000mah battery  . on the other hand, the m4's speakers, while not quite as good, are still pretty damn impressive in their own right  . however, the m4's key advantage is it's water resistant  . that plus the speaker make for a great combination in the shower  . i'd personally pick the idol 3 but you can't go wrong with either  . the idol's screen looks better and is noticeably sharper but the m4's water resistance is a very practical feature  . the difference between them is noticeable - the moto noticeably sharper and bigger  . ditto for the speakers and camera both of which are a bit better  . they've been really, really good with their flagships   . i'd say if you can swing it go, for the moto but if every penny counts, then the m4 is also a smart choice  . then there's the zenfone 2; it has a faster soc, a larger, sharper display, dual sim cards both of which are unlocked, bigger battery and a price tag that's $50 cheaper  . the sony counters with water resistance, a louder and better sounding speaker and a sleeker design  . these are all important points but if you can look past this then the zenfone offers more for less money  . the m4's body looks a lot like sony's other recent flagships with a smooth front and back  . it doesn't feel quite as fancy though - the back appears to be plastic  . the body also flexes quite a bit when you twist it  . this worries me a bit since the m4 is water resistance - will putting in your back pocket and sitting on it too many times compromise the water resistance  . for what it's worth, i twisted the m4 a few times  . it was able to survive repeated rounds of me singing in the shower afterwards, my wife's ears on the other hand, were not so lucky  . there are volume, power and a camera button half way down the right side  . i kind of wish the buttons stuck out a tiny more but then again, this makes the m4 easier to handle  . otherwise, is the m4 is comfortable to hold and easy to use  . bravo  . the nano sim card goes on the right and is also behind a door  . most of the competition is rocking 1920x1080 resolutions these days so this is the m4's greatest weakness  . color is pleasant, off-angle performance is excellent  . it's also great outdoors  . the only other problem is that black levels aren't very deep  . if you're not happy with the colour, you can adjust it manually via 3 sliders  . on the back is a 13 megapixel camera with autofocus and a led camera flash  . i'm pleased that one of my favorite sony features, the dedicated camera button made it on to the m4  . by default it tries to guess the best settings - low light, action, portrait, that sort of thing  . i guess other cameras do this but the sony software really makes sure you know it's doing its best  . some features from higher-end camera models include some dedicated shooting modes including a nifty augmented reality which puts dinosaurs into your shot (yes, i did just type that)  . another cool one is the ability to shoot video and sync up video on 2 phones simultaneously  . of course, you'll need a supported sony phone  . image quality is good for the price point  . more importantly, the camera is relatively capable so you don't have to take as many shots to get a decent one  . video quality on the other hand is pretty awful  . by default steadyshot - really strong digital image stabilization is turned on and it just smears everything and results in unusable video  . however, once you turn it off, you'll still notice that video doesn't look all that great - even when you're outdoors and there's plenty of light  . the microphone isn't all that great either  . i suspect there's too much noise reduction going on  . some of the competition like the moto x play (which came out after the m4) is running 5  . you appear to get the same overlay you'd find on sony's flagship devices including their small apps which hover over your other apps so that you can use multiple apps simultaneously  . like samsung and lg, the small apps feature only works with a handful of programs  . i did notice that the m4 can get quite hot close to the camera when i was setting it up - i'm talking close to 140f hot  . it's hot enough that the m4 has to throttle processor speed when i was benchmarking  . i also suspect this may be a reason why the m4 wasn't able to complete all the benchmarks i wanted to on it  . you know how i complained that the display could have used higher resolution? well, one area where this is a plus is when it comes to gaming performance  . the zenfone 2 on the other hand has an intel z3560 soc which has different cores and gpu both of which are substantially more powerful than the m4's  . practically speaking, the 615 does feel a bit slower than the intel and the 801 but you need to use phones with each soc to really appreciate the difference  . occasionally, sometimes screen redraws stutter a tiny bit but most of the time the 615 feels snappy  . i'd say performance is more than adequate  . i know this personally because i switch between a regular lg g4 and some snapdragon 615 phones all the time and i rarely complain about the drop in performance  . the battery is a tad small while the display is quite bright so power users will need to find a plug halfway through the day  . there's a single speaker at the bottom right  . it's fairly powerful and sounds like it's received a moderate amount of tuning  . it's not quite as good as the idol 3 or moto x play's but it does run circles around the zenfone 2  . overall, i enjoyed using the m4  . while i wish the screen was a tad sharper, it's still sharp enough that i don't notice it most of the time  . otherwise, for the price the m4 is a well rounded phone  . it's pleasant to use and offers a good mix of features and more importantly, it doesn't have any serious weaknesses  . one of my favorite phones of 2015 is the lg g4  . it's a fantastic all-around package with no significant weaknesses  . vs alcatel onetouch idol 3:  . for the same money on virgin, you can pick up an idol 3  . the vigor has a slightly bigger 5  . 2' display, removable battery plus it's a more solid phone and you could argue that it also has a better badge  . however, the idol has a tremendous advantage in most other areas; most importantly, it has nearly 3x as much storage available when you first boot it up  . while you have to do a bit of work to fill the idol, the vigor essentially comes with almost no free space  . this reason alone is why the vigor is going to lose out on almost any comparison  . lg just set it up to fail  . the idol also has 2gb of ram vs 1  . 5gb on the vigor, much more powerful speakers and a much larger, albeit non-removable battery  . like the idol, it has nearly 3x as much free space  . that alone makes it a smarter buy  . it also has a battery which is nearly 60% larger, a slightly larger display, better camera and comparable build quality  . motorola has also been very good about keeping their phones updated  . you could mention the laser autofocus and colour sensor too but i don't find either feature makes a big difference  . while it may be last year's model, its snapdragon 801 soc is quite a bit more powerful than the 615 in the vigor  . its metal body is also quite a treat as is the powerful speaker  . most importantly, the x comes with a very usable 16gb of storage plus it will probably receive an android 6  . it may cost more but i'd say it's worth the extra $50  . add $30 and the zenfone 2 becomes available  . you know how i've been whining about how the the vigor only comes with 3  . 5gb of free storage? well the zenfone 2 comes with around 55gb of free storage, that's nearly 15x more  . the camera is slightly better plus you get a much larger battery (3000 vs 2300) and its soc is a bit more powerful  . sadly, the only things the vigor has going for it is a better badge, much higher build quality, a better speaker and a removable battery  . the body is a dead ringer for the lg g4 (the 'regular' one)  . it looks exactly the same, has a curved display and the back has the same interesting pattern on it  . the g4's body may be plastic but it's a very solid and high quality one  . the vigor is no different so right off the bat, this is a key advantage over some of the competition  . like the g4, there is a microsd (common at this price point) and a removable battery (less common at all price points)  . this setups has its pros and cons; it does make the g4 very easy to handle but at the same time it can be inconvenient if you're used to side mounted power and volume buttons  . then again, lg makes it so you can double tap the screen to turn the g4 on or double tap the top of the screen to turn it off  . it's hard to tell but the vigor has a curved display - just like the g4  . it's a comfortable phone to use  . it looks great and is comparable to what you'd find on a flagship albeit with less pixels  . still, while there are less pixels, it doesn't look any less sharp than say its bigger brother the g4  . while the g4 backs more pixels, there are so many that you won't notice the difference so it's an advantage on paper only  . viewing angles are great, black levels are good and colour looks accurate  . it also works well outdoors  . practically speaking, to my eyes the only difference between the vigor's display and a flagship is that flagships are typically a tiny bit brighter  . overall, it's an excellent display and one of the vigor's best features  . the laser autofocus sounds cool but i've found it has very limited range so i question what utility it brings to the table  . same with the color sensor, while i'm sure it helps the vigor's white balance, i don't find it makes it any better than the competition  . the vigor handles well, the shutter button is easy to press and it focuses fairly quickly  . there's a bit too much noise reduction but i guess the flip side is that indoors pictures look quite clean though some fine detail is missing  . video quality is also decent but the microphone sounds a bit muffled at times  . since the vigor doesn't come with a lot of free space, it shoots video at 720p by default though there is a 1080p setting too  . still, it's pretty straight forward, the biggest changes are that there's support for the double tap to turn on or off feature and the knock patterns to unlock your phone  . first off, the split screen feature which lets you view certain apps 2 at the same time is missing  . kid mode, where you can set a custom knock code for your kids is also mia  . otherwise it's a pretty straight forward overlay  . you get the usual stuff like a custom gallery app, video player, etc  . that said, the extra ram comes into play if you multitask a lot and like to jump from app to app frequently  . the zenfone 2 on the other hand has an intel z3560 soc which has different cores and gpu both of which are substantially more powerful than the vigor's  . practically speaking, the 615 does feel a bit slower than the intel and the 801 but you need to use phones with each soc to really appreciate the difference  . occasionally sometimes screen redraws stutter a tiny bit but most of the time the 615 feels snappy  . i'd say performance is more than adequate  . i know this personally because i switch between a regular lg g4 and some snapdragon 615 phones all the time and i rarely complain about the drop in performance  . you get a 2300mah battery, given the size of the screen it's slightly undersized  . it will last the day for casual users but power users will probably need to top off halfway through the day  . then again, power users won't be able to live with a phone with 4gb of storage so i guess that point is moot  . the rear mounted speaker sounds decent but it's volume is merely adequate  . it's not ear splittingly powerful like its bigger brother the g4  . i mentioned this many times but it's worth mentioning again, the vigor only has 3  . 5gb of free space when you turn it on for the first time  . 5gb, just like you'd expect from a no-name throwaway android phone  . if you plan on storing any sort of media on it you should do yourself a favour and pick up a microsd  . when i first started using the vigor, i was getting out of space messages about 30 minutes after - it's that bad  . the vigor has some really nice features - it brings a flagship level display and build quality to the table for under $350 can  . however, all that is overshadowed by the fact that it comes with a bargain basement 3  . 5gb of free space  . i often talk about how well rounded a phone is and unfortunately, the vigor just has a big flaw  . why lg would handicap their phone like this is a total mystery  . still, even if it came with 8 or 16gb of storage, it's still a bit overpriced since it only comes with 1  . in the end, the vigor could have been a great device if lg didn't hold it back so much  . this has given companies like acer, which is a big name in computers, a challenging time  . while they've had some mobile phone offerings, they haven't gained much traction in the market  . spec-wise you get a 5' hd display, quad-core 64 bit processor, 2gb ram, 16gb storage, 13 megapixel camera with lte so on that front, it's promising  . the jade has slightly beefier hardware; the soc is incrementally more powerful while the gpu pulls ahead but quite a bit  . you also get double the storage which comes in handy if you download a lot of apps or take a lot of pictures  . another wild card is that the liquid comes with support for dual sims plus it's unlocked  . 8 the acer's has a wider aperture while the motorola counters with a dual tone flash (and a not too shabby f/2  . neither camera is outstanding but both can give serviceable pictures so it's a bit of a wash here  . the motorola counters with its water resistance, much better sounding speakers and frequent android updates  . at the same time, i'm kind of shocked that acer is shipping the liquid with android 4  . i hope acer proves me wrong  . really it boils down to this: the motorola is a water resistant phone with better speakers and frequent updates  . it's a tough choice because both phones are a bit flawed  . the moto is too skimpy with the ram and storage while the acer costs a bit more and ships with last year's version of android  . vs zte grand x 2:  . the grand x 2 is an even bigger headache for the liquid because you can get similar specs for $120 less  . so what do you get for the extra $120? the camera isn't quite as good as the acer's  . you also get a phone that's locked and can only support one sim card (you'll have to figure out if these 2 features are worth paying for  . the biggest headache for the jade is that for you can get an asus zenfone 2 for the same money  . the zenfone has a bigger, higher resolution display, bigger battery, more powerful soc, a newer version of android and a better camera  . other than being a lot lighter and have a more interesting finish on the back, the acer is going to need a big price cut if it hopes to compete with the zenfone 2  . vs alcatel onetouch idol 3:  . for $50 more, the alcatel onetouch idol 3 is another migraine for the jade  . the idol 3 is more powerful than the acer, has a better, bigger, higher resolution but the best thing about alcatel is that it has a really amazing set of speakers  . at 110g, it's much lighter than the 2015 moto g (155g) and the asus zenfone 2 (170g albeit with a bigger screen)  . it seems the jade's lightness comes at the expense of some rigidity  . while i wouldn't go so far as to say it feels cheap, it does flex a little bit more when you twist it  . then again, how often do you twist your phone in everyday usage  . that said, it lacks that heft you get with some phones so it takes a bit of adjusting  . i did notice that the glass on the lens got some scratches on it  . i have no idea how this happened but i'm very disappointed because i was pretty careful with the acer  . the back is rounded so it's quite comfortable to hold  . it also has a very interesting canvas pattern on it  . while it's just molded hard plastic, it's still cool to look at it it feels unique  . while i liked how the buttons stuck out, for some reason acer decided to put the power button on top of phone  . still, since the back is rounded the top is easier to reach than most other phones  . at night you can see the backlight through cracks near the volume buttons  . does this mean dust will get in through there? i can't say for certain but in the couple days i've had it i don't see any dust under the screen (knock on wood)  . i love how you don't need to find a paper clip to pop it open  . at 290ppi, you will see a bit of jaggedness occasionally but overall, it's a pretty sharp screen  . these days i haven't seen a phone with a lousy display in quite some time  . in absolute terms it's a good display so any complaints are pretty minor  . straight on it looks good  . colour is decent as are black levels  . maximum brightness is average and it works well outdoors  . off-angle it loses a bit of brightness  . the flash on the back isn't dual tone like the ones on the moto g and zenfone 2  . image quality isn't terrible but the zenfone 2's sensor is more sensitive and less noisy  . video looks fine  . the microphone captures reasonable audio but it does pick up handling noise  . if having a very updated version of android is important to you, then get a zenfone 2 or a moto g, those 2 receive regular updates  . like asus, acer tries to replicate the pc bloatware experience with many, many extra apps  . to be fair, some of the apps are pretty cool  . the ab apps are actually pretty cool but i wish acer consolidated all of them into one app so they don't take up so much space on the menu  . in case you're wondering, acer extend isn't some sort of android powered male enhancement supplement, rather it allows you to control your phone using your computer  . the problem with it is that you have to enable usb debugging - if you're not an android nerd you'll have to figure out how to do this  . this isn't a bad idea from a security perspective but it does make it slightly complicated to use  . once you've got it running it's pretty cool  . another neat feature are float apps, while a few other companies have this feature it's nice to see it on a more affordable device like the acer  . you can launch the browser, calculator, camera, maps, notes and watch in a window that floats on top of your other apps  . while it's a bit top-heavy, some of the built-in apps are interesting  . the difference is that the mediatek's graphics processor is a mali t760 while the snapdragon 410 has an adreno 306 which according to my tests, is not quite as powerful  . the zenfone 2 has an intel z3560 soc which has different cores and gpu both of which are substantially more powerful than the liquid's  . the snapdragon 615 in the idol 3 yields scores which are the most similar to the mt6732  . there is support for dual nano sims  . the speaker isn't very powerful but if you listen carefully, it does sound like it's been tuned - however, the speaker itself is nothing to write home about so you're left with middling results  . turning it on does make a difference but like i said, you're left with middling results  . you get 16gb of storage (around 11gb usable) - which isn't too bad  . like other dual sim phones, the second sim (the one shared with the microsd) is 2g only which limits you to gsm/gprs/edge operators like rogers, t-mobile, at&t  . in the end, the acer liquid jade z is doomed from the start because for $20 less, you can get an asus zenfone 2  . i guess if acer cut the price down to $200 it would be more competitive but even then it's an increasingly crowded price point  . the zenfone 2 can do everything better than the jade can  . off the top of my head, the only advantage that the jade has is that its screen is a tiny bit brighter - but the zenfone's screen is bright enough that this is a very minor con at best  . when samsung released the gs6, it was a big departure from its predecessor  . is this a worthy trade-off  . when i hold the note 4 and the 5 in my hands, i kind of like the exaggerated edges on the 4  . it feels sturdier than the smooth curved glass back of the 5  . this plus the curved back makes it feel much narrower than the 4  . then again, if you have fat baby hands like me then you have to hold the 5 very carefully because it's very easy to accidentally press the screen  . to me, the 4 is a much easier phone to use simply because the sides are more forgiving to hold  . while form over function sells phones, sometimes it isn't a good thing if you're actually going to use the phone  . design-wise, the note 4 also feels just as slick as the 5  . this wasn't the case with previous versions, where the newer version was usually more elegant than the previous  . yeah the plastic back isn't as nice as a glass one but the frame makes up for this  . the 5's soc is quite a bit more powerful  . unlike the gs6, the 5's power management seems quite reasonable so this is a big plus advantage over the note 4  . still, the 4's soc, while slower on paper, doesn't really feel much slower when you use it  . when i open apps with them side-by-side the note 5 is always faster but only by a fraction of a second  . the 5's screen is a bit brighter, which is always a welcome upgrade with amoled displays, since they need the extra light outdoors  . like the 4, the 5 has a noticeable colour shift when you view it off angle which is distracting  . the camera is also a bit better - it's more sensitive  . i'm very unhappy that the 5 ditches the 4's removable battery and microsd  . while this does allow samsung to include the slick curved glass back, losing those 2 features is too steep a price to pay  . there are actually 2 more features you lose with a 5 that no one's going to notice  . first off, the uv meter is gone - i actually use this feature so i'll miss it but i'm probably the minority  . i have mixed feelings about it - while an ir blaster can be useful, samsung never shipped their galaxies with useful infrared software so this feature was probably vastly underused  . right now, the note 4 is running 5  . while i expect both phones to remain reasonably up-to-date, i think the 4 will stop receiving updates before the 5, simply because it's older  . it's easier to use and still a very competent phone  . the edge + is basically a note 5 with a curved screen, a slightly narrower body sans the s-pen  . what i find more interesting is that the note 5 will only be available in north america and asia (who knows if this will change)  . what's even more interesting is that the edge + costs more than the note 5 or to put it more simply; curved screen > s-pen  . does this mean that samsung thinks customers value a curved screen more than a stylus? keep in mind my experience that a screen which curves away on the sides actually detracts from usage  . then again, it enhances the ownership for some simply because it's cool and different - possibly  . that's really the choice, do you want to pay extra for a curved screen and lose the s-pen or save a few bucks and get a s-pen and a flat screen  . samsung toutes that the curved edge allows for a few more functions but as far as i'm concerned, most users aren't going to bother using them  . to make things more complicated, in canada, the plus is available in 32 and 64gb sizes while the 5 only comes with 32gb  . neither has a microsd so pick wisely  . the g4 is cheaper and has a microsd slot  . it also has a removable battery and while the back isn't quite as elegant as the 5's glass, in canada lg tosses in a leather back with the g4 which is quite slick in its own right  . on paper, the g4 isn't as fast but when you use them side-by-side it's hard to tell which is faster  . while you 'only' get 3gb of ram with the g4, there's a case of serious diminishing returns when you go from 3 to the note 5's 4gb of ram so again, it's an advantage on paper only  . both cameras take fantastic pictures but the note's is a little more responsive  . the multimedia capabilities on both are top notch  . both are excellent  . i do think that the g4 is an easier phone to use because the bezels are more reasonable  . while i think that the note 5 should cost more than the g4, it's tough to figure out why it costs so much more  . really, unless you absolutely must have a samsung you're probably better off with a lg g4  . the note 5 has a very striking finish  . next they curved the the sides on the rear of the phone to make it fit more nicely in your hand  . however, i do find that it causes me some usability issues  . first off, the bezel is so narrow it's hard to not touch the screen accidentally  . the bezel around the menu buttons is very small to so i accidentally pressed the back and task switcher a few times when i was playing games - it's quite annoying  . the galaxy s4 had a similar problem  . holding it is like holding a pizza without a crust or a burger without the bun - things are going to get messy  . the buttons are really nice  . they're easy to find, have a nice click and give the right amount of feedback  . like the gs6 pair, the note 5's home button doubles as a fingerprint reader which you don't have to swipe to use  . it's really convenient and works exceedingly well  . the nanosim slot is located at the top  . overall, while undeniably sleek, the note 5's body has some serious usability issues  . it has 3 improvements over previous ones  . first off, it's a bit more solid than the note 4's  . it's also a tad longer but the biggest improvement is that the ended is now spring loaded  . so, when it's in the phone, you press the tip to pop it out which makes it easier to pull out  . the click is cool at first but gets annoying really quickly  . i guess samsung figured people were starting to get used to their annoying 'samsung whistle' message alert so they added the click  . like the gs6, the note 5 doesn't have a removable battery  . all this means is that replacing the battery will probably be quite an ordeal  . 7' 2560 x 1440 super amoled display which is a bit brighter than the note 4's display  . otherwise, it's an excellent display  . colours are natural looking, whites are very pure and blacks are extremely deep  . it remains viewable even outdoors in direct sunlight  . like the note 4 and gs6, the note 5 has a 16 megapixel camera  . this isn't a bad thing as the gs6's camera is one of the very best cameras on the market  . samsung also has one of the better camera softwares available  . it actually works but there's about a 20 second time delay  . like the gs6, there's a pro mode with features like:  . note that you lose burst mode when you use raw mode - this is pretty typical  . i love how you can double press the home button to launch the camera  . when you do this, the note 5 is one of the fastest phones around at launching the camera app  . the note 5 is also has one of the fastest and most responsive cameras  . video quality is excellent  . in the past, samsung has been criticized of putting too much software on their phones which chews up their available storage  . still, the note 5 is pretty feature packed  . they're re-emphasizing sidesync which mirrors the note 5 to your computer (pc or mac) or compatible samsung tablet  . if you do use them, you'll get 100gb of onedrive space for free for 2 years  . apple needs to steal this feature so you can capture the eula whenever you update ios  . still, it's one of the faster soc's around  . since the note 5 is larger it seems better at dissipating heat  . while it can get quite warm, it's doesn't get really hot like the gs6 and gs6 edge do  . the earpiece is extremely powerful, there's a volume boost feature if you need even more  . the speakerphone is also extremely powerful that also has a boost feature  . rf performance is excellent  . when i reviewed the gs6 and gs6 edge i was surprised at how awful the battery life was  . if you're a power user though and need to top off half way through the day  . you'll be happy to hear the note 5 is capable of quick charging with a 15 watt charger  . just for comparison, most 'regular' fast chargers support rates of up to 10 or 12 watts so the quick charger can be 50% faster  . it also supports both wireless charging standards  . samsung sells a wireless charger that can charge at around 10 watts which is faster than most other chargers  . like the note 4, the 5's speaker is extremely powerful - one of the best around  . it sounds decent too  . samsung told me that the note 5 supports 'ultra high definition audio'  . while the included 32gb is probably enough for most, remember you won't be able to expand it later if your needs change  . like the gs6, the note 5 is so good it really moves the goal posts back for everyone  . however, unlike previous generations, the improvements come with a cost, you to make some compromises over previous models  . still, in the end i'm really not sure if i love the note 5  . as awesome as the screen, camera, speakers, are, the slim bezels just really gave me fits  . however, it's just not an easy phone to hold and use  . all that makes the 5 a lot less attractive  . the zte grand x plus was and still is one of my favorite budget phones  . the zte grand x 2 which gives you even more good stuff for even less money  . the 2015 moto g is $50 more and for the added money you get water resistance, a slightly more solid body, better camera, better sounding speakers and presumably, more android updates  . while you save $50 with the zte, you actually gain a few features; first off you get double the ram  . to me 2gb of ram is the sweet spot  . 5gb of usable space, when i connect the zte it says there's around 11gb  . 8gb of storage is do-able but the extra gbs really makes the zte easier to live with because you're less likely to run out of storage  . between the 2 it's a tough choice  . the zte's extra ram and storage are both good to have  . but you can say the same about the g's better speakers, camera, water resistance and frequent android updates  . anyways, if the bottom line is important then the zte is a no-brainer  . i'll keep it short and sweet; the grand x 2 has double the ram, double the storage, a much sharper screen  . the 2's body is a bit of a departure from the grand x and x plus whose bodies were more or less the same  . zte has classied the 2 up a bit; the back cover has a pretty convincing look leather mould on it  . heck, when you run your finger along the back it even kind of feels like leather but when you tap it, it's obviously very hard plastic  . considering the price though i'm pleased with the back  . as a result the 2 feels a bit sturdier than its predecessors but it still has a way to go before i'd say it's a really solid phone  . it's funny but the sides/frame of the 2 kind of remind me of my old galaxy s (i think mine was the 'vibrant'  . this isn't a good or a bad thing, just a miscellaneous observation  . the buttons themselves have a nice feel to them and are easy to find and press  . there are dedicated menu buttons in front below the screen that light up blue  . they're handy and don't get in the way when you use them  . it's not quite as nice as the g's display which has the same specs  . it doesn't have very dark blacks and the colour is a little bit warmer  . it also loses a bit more light off-angle  . on the other hand, it doesn't have a visible grid pattern on it like the g does when you look up close  . you also don't' have to deal with disappearing on-screen buttons like you do with the g  . overall while i'm not blown away, the display is adequate  . on the back is a 8 megapixel autofocus camera with a led flash  . it's focuses pretty quickly and is pretty easy to use  . considering the price of the grand, you shouldn't expect too much from the camera and indeed, while it's not a bad sensor, it's not capable of miracles either  . indoors, pictures can get a bit rough and noisy looking but they'll still be usable if you snap a couple of extras so you can choose  . there's no shutter speed control but the iso and level are pretty cool additions to a phone at this price point  . indoors there's a lot of noise reduction so video can get very soft looking  . the microphone does a decent job but it picks up a bit of handling noise  . out of the box the grand x 2 comes with android 5  . 1 which is pretty good  . right now, 5  . there's an annoying press and hold to unlock gesture  . it's annoying because sometimes it's hard to keep it perfectly still if you're moving around quickly but this is really a minor quibble  . overall, in terms of bloat the zte isn't too bad  . if you're using pure android you probably have to download your own gallery, video player, file manager, text messaging app and task manager anyways  . 2ghz so you'll notice that the g has a minor advantage in benchmarks  . to be honest, while the extra speed is welcome, i doubt anyone is going to notice the difference  . while the zte does have double the ram, the amount of ram rarely has an effect on benchmarks as long as there is enough of it  . rf performance is quite good  . unlike most competitors, the grand comes with a removable battery  . the speaker is loud enough but it doesn't sound like it has been tuned at all  . there's no bass to speak of so it's strictly utilitarian  . the problem is that the bumps next to the speaker don't stick out enough  . this doesn't allow enough space for the sound waves to get out  . i mentioned this a few times already but it's worth bringing up again that the grand comes with 16gb of built-in storage  . 8gb isn't too bad but 16gb should be enough to please a lot of people  . for $150 can locked on prepaid the grand x 2 it's a stonking good deal  . the 2gb of ram will help it run large apps smoothly while the 16gb of ram make it much easier to live with than with other phones in its price range  . the neat leather-ish back is a bonus as is the removable battery  . still, it's not the perfect phone  . the screen has pretty lousy black levels, the speaker isn't all that great and the camera takes rough looking pictures indoors  . but hey, when you consider that it's only $150 on prepaid, these problems aren't really deal breakers  . it's really a motorola killer  . among flagships, motorola's x line has always been a bit hard to understand  . the x lineup now bifurcates into the moto x pure and the moto x play  . the pure is a true flagship with the request flagship specs and price tag  . however, the play is the more interesting model  . it trades some big specs for a more a palatable price tag  . we're now in the 'good enough' era of smartphones where flagship ownership is no longer mandatory to have a good experience  . but newer is better right? not always; in the case of the moto x play, motorola is attempting to bring the x franchise to a lower price point  . to put it more bluntly, it's cheaper than previous x's  . it's big enough that you'll notice that the 801 scrolls smoother in games and loads apps a bit faster  . you can argue about which type of screen is better but i'm pretty sure that in general, amoled screens cost more than lcd's which is another change moto made to bring the play's price point down  . on the play, this is fine because there's a microsd slot built-into the nano sim card tray but on the 2014 the microsd is mia  . 16gb is a decent starting point but if there's no expandable memory, it's not a good choice on a non-budget phone  . right here is one of the biggest differentiators between the play and the 2014  . the camera is different too; the play's sensor is noticeable more sensitive (better indoors) than the 2014's and is much more usable  . when i tested it, i found that the ring flash is a gimmick and doesn't add any additional value to a phone  . maybe motorola realized this too and stuck a more useful dual-tone flash on the play  . the other big differentiator is the battery, the 2014 comes with a tiny 2300mah battery while the play has a formidable 3630mah  . to be honest, that plus the lack of a microsd and only 16gb of storage keeps me from recommending it  . however, if you can live with these 2 compromises then the 2014 is a very sleek phone with an awesome metal body  . otherwise, the play is a much more sensible choice  . vs alcatel onetouch idol 3:  . for around $100 less, you can pick up an alcatel onetouch idol 3  . the idol also has a 5  . so what do you get for $100 more? first off, the play's screen is nicer to look at  . it's more neutral looking and it's noticeably brighter  . i took some sample pictures indoors and the play's camera blows the idol away  . the idol comes with a more than adequate 2910mah battery while the play has an even beefier 3630mah along with support for quick charging (the quick charger is not included in the box)  . there's also the software update issue, alcatel is a little better in this department but they have a ways to go before they can match motorola's almost frantic pace of android updates  . one area where the idol a clear winner are its speakers  . while the play's sound decent, the idol's sound even better plus they're much louder  . did i mention i love the idol's speakers? i put some tunes on the idol when i was writing this and am now a few songs into my play list - they're that good  . $100 is a lot more to pay at this price point, plus the idol is a competent phone  . still, if you can pony up the dough, the play is slightly better in areas but more importantly you gain its epic battery life  . it has a faster soc, double the ram, quadruple the storage (yes, 4x), dual sims (not that useful in north america)  . both have cameras which are very good for a non-flagship device  . so why wouldn't you get the zenphone? first off, if i may be blunt, the speaker on the zenphone sucks  . secondly, while i'd say it's adequate, the asus's screen is very dim compared to the plays  . both have plastic bodies but the zen's feels much cheaper  . the lousy speaker and cheap-y plastic body are enough for me to recommend the play over the asus despite the smorgasbord of specs  . however, moto better watch over their shoulder because the zen is dangerously close to really screwing things up for everyone else  . you can tell it's plastic by looking carefully at the paint near the seams at the top  . despite being made of plastic, the play is a very solid phone  . it's probably due to the large battery but there's no flex at all when you twist it  . i guess a phone doesn't need to be metal unless it's super thin  . the battery cover is an interesting pattern on it  . the buttons have an above average click to them though i was disappointed that the volume rocker has a bit of play to it  . motorola has many different colours available for it along with ones with a built-in flap to cover the screen  . like many other companies, the back cover is a tease - while you can kind of see the battery but you can't really change it yourself  . anyone else think this is a cool spot for a microsd  . despite the large 3630mah battery, the play still has a curved back like other recent phones  . despite the large battery, the play isn't a heavy phone - it only weighs 15g more than it's little brother the moto g 2015 and don't forget that the g has a smaller screen  . i do wish that the play was water resistant like it's less expensive sibling the moto g 2015  . at 400ppi, it's extremely sharp  . what you can't tell is that it's also extremely bright  . it's more or less as bright as the display on my iphone 6 plus (which is also 5  . both of them are pretty close to my 6 plus so they've clearly done a lot of tuning  . black levels are good for a lcd as are viewing angles  . it also works well outdoors  . i have no complaints about the screen - it's excellent and as good as a screen you'd find on a flagship  . when i saw that the play comes with a 21 megapixel camera, i was a bit dismayed  . to me megapixels might as well be called misleading pixels  . too often it seems that more megapixels often means a worse camera  . turns out i was wrong, the play actually takes really good pictures and is one of the best non-flagship cameras i've tried  . the catch is that it sometimes misses focus so you have to be aware of that and sometimes snap a few extras  . shot to shot speeds aren't slow but they're slower than i'd like to see  . ditto for the burst mode which should be a little faster  . i'm not fond of the motorola camera software but it's not so bad that you can't get used to it  . instead, you have to drag a circle around if you want to focus and meter  . the fact that the play sometimes misses focus makes this problem more noticeable  . anyways, motorola has been using this setup for 3 years now so if you're coming from another motorola phone then you'll feel right at home  . video quality is usually good  . since the play sometimes misses focus, this can be very annoying  . nothing is worse that taking a video and then realizing afterwards it's too soft  . that's the same version a nexus phone is running right now (unless you're running a developer preview) so that's as good as it gets  . motorola is probably the best out of all android oem's when it comes to updates so no surprises here  . one reason why motorola is able to do this is because they try not to mess with android too much  . it also seems to randomly turn on to display them and then turn off  . previous moto x's had amoled screens so doing this had very little penalty with the battery since amoled displays don't consume power when they're showing black  . anyways, the notifications are useful - my only complaint with it if you leave the screen brightness on max instead of auto, the screen can emit a bit too much light at night when it turns on to display notifications  . this is a really minor problem though since you can tell the play to leave you alone at night  . the gallery also has an offline slide-show function so it won't consume any power like when you use google's version of this feature  . the idea is that it uses the 4 slower, power sipping ones when solving simpler tasks while the faster power sucking ones only fire up when you need them  . the big differentiator is that the 615 also pairs qualcomm's adreno 405 gpu while the 410 has a more modest 306 graphics processor  . compared to the idol 3, the play's 615 cores run slightly faster, 1  . 5g - that's why the play is usually about 10% faster on non graphically intensive tasks  . as for the 2014 moto x, while it's snapdragon 805 soc is older and down 4 cores, it's still a lot faster, especially on the graphics side where it's substantially faster  . 5' phone with a 3630mah battery and cortex a53 cores is going to have good battery life and indeed it's pretty epic  . unless you game non-stop, it's pretty much impossible to kill the battery in one day  . if you need to top off in a short amount of time, the play supports quick charge which can charge a battery at 15 watts instead of 10 - 12 watts like most faster, regular chargers which makes it up to 50% faster  . given that the play's brothers, the nexus 6 and moto g 2014 and 2015 all have incredible stereo speakers i was really looking forward to the play's  . the single built-in speaker is louder and average and sounds like it's been tuned  . however, part of me was hoping for even more volume like you get with an idol 3  . if you need more space just pop card in and you're good to go  . motorola picked a good price point to launch the moto x play  . gauging if it's a good value is tricky  . for $100 less, you can get an alcatel onetouch idol 3  . are the play's better screen, better camera and epic battery worth $100? i'd say yes but you can't go wrong either way  . indeed the specs are juicy but the play counters with better speakers, better screen, much better built quality  . again, i'd say you can't go wrong either way  . so overall, i'd say the play is well priced and presents decent value  . with school just around the corner, many of you are thinking of picking up a decent phone on a budget  . no doubt the original moto g will probably come up quite frequently  . the problem is that the original moto g came out 2 years ago and its successor, the 2014 didn't get people quite as excited partly because it lacked lte, partly because it was priced too high and partly because it didn't gain much traction with carriers (probably because of the lte issue)  . the addition of lte is a no brainer but now they've changed the game with the addition of water resistance for under $200  . more importantly, it's not like how 400 and 500 dpi look more or less the same to the naked eye; when you go from 290 to 400dpi the extra resolution is noticeable  . it also comes with 2gb of ram and 16gb of storage which make the asus easier to live with  . its soc is also faster though the advantage in processing power is less noticeable even if the benchmarks say otherwise  . the advantage under the hood extends to the back too - its camera takes better looking pictures  . there's also the dual sim cards which may make the asus better for travelling - just remember that one sim is gsm only which really limits it to being used for voice only unless you can tolerate the slow speeds you get with edge  . that said, the moto has some advantages too  . the speakers are noticeable better sounding and louder  . the body is more solid and it's also water resistant  . if you can make some room in your budget, you're probably better off with a zenfone 2  . the 2014 wasn't very popular with carriers and in canada ended up being sold unlocked at staples for $249  . spec-wise it has an older 32bit snapdragon 400 soc which is slightly slower than the 2015's snapdragon 410  . the 2014 also lacks lte and an 8 megapixel camera with a regular led flash  . the 2015 has lte, a 13 megapixel which takes slightly better pictures, lte plus it's water resistant  . more importantly, the water resistance is pretty idiot-proof  . it's widely available from carriers and while it's locked, it's also a more palatable $200 can  . vs zte grand x plus 2:  . the grand x plus 2 has very similar specs but there are 3 key differences; the zte has double the ram, double the storage and is priced $50 lower  . the g has better sounding, stereo speakers, water resistance and a higher megapixel camera  . the g's speakers are pretty awesome and the water resistance is a nice thing to have but practically speaking, 2gb of ram and 16gb of storage are more useful to more people  . i will say that based on recent history the moto's software will stay fresh longer than the zte's  . 0 while it's contemporary model from zte; the grand x plus is still stuck on 4  . anyways, the $50 you save with the grand x plus 2 is the icing on the cake  . while the general shape of the body hasn't changed, it's now much more solid  . i never thought that the 2014 felt like it was cheaply made but the 2015's frame is on a different level  . it's also water resistant now and it doesn't need a special cover over the microusb or headphone jack to achieve this which is very impressive  . if you don't do this you'll usually miss one snap  . the back cover has a raised pattern on it which is more interesting than the 2014's plain finish  . to my eye it also makes it looks slightly less sleek but only just  . it falls just short of the 320ish ppi you need for a really sharp display  . most of the time, the missing 30 ppi isn't a big deal but you will notice if when you have very small text  . it has very good whites  . viewing angles are good and it works well outside in direct sunlight  . i did notice that you can see a diagonal grid on the screen - it's kind of distracting  . overall, it's an adequate display and more importantly, aside from the faint pattern, it's an improvement over the 2014 moto g's display  . the resolution has been bumped to 13 megapixels plus you get a dual-tone led flash  . i'm not a big fan of camera phone flashes in general but dual-tone flashes usually work well  . they yield better colour but they still make your pictures look like you're using a flash  . pictures have more detail and are cleaner looking than the 2014 moto g's camera  . while they're better, they're still not quite good enough  . still, i'm pretty happy with the shot-to-shot and focusing speeds  . they make the 2015 more usable  . given adequate light, video looks decent  . the microphone isn't too bad either  . i was pretty happy with the pictures from it  . overall, the camera is an enough of an improvement that some will find it good enough but overall still needs some work  . in the past 2 years, motorola has been really good about keeping their phones up-to-date  . so based on this, there's a good chance the 2015 will get quite a few updates  . it's also worth pointing out that motorola is pretty pedantic when it comes with their updates so along with receiving updates, you usually get them more frequently than other manufacturers  . the 2015 doesn't deviate from motorola's strategy with regards to software  . the gpu model number gets bumped from an adreno 305 to a 306  . practically speaking, the processing side is an enough of an improvement that the 2015 is slightly faster when you have them side-by-side  . identical webpages load a fraction of a second faster, the camera launches quicker  . however, the gpu is actually slightly weaker  . in benchmarks i've found that the 306 is actually about 10% slower  . for slightly more money, you get a faster phone with a lot more graphics power  . note how the benchmark chart looks like the intel processor in the asus is giving a big middle finger to qualcomm  . i assure you it was purely coincidental  . rf performance is very good  . maximum earpiece volume is excellent  . sound quality is good  . behind is a 2470mah battery, given the size of the screen, resolution and soc it's a decent size and should last most users the day  . i love the stereo speakers  . while they haven't changed much from the 2014, they're still one of the best pair around  . in absolute terms, they don't quite have the oomph in the bass department as say a nexus 5 and while it's not a quiet phone, a bit more volume would be nice too  . note that this is only in canada, down south you can pick up a version with double the ram, 16gb of storage and a lot less complaints about those 2 bullet points  . 8gb of storage can be a bit of a pain if you store a lot of music or snap a lot of photos so if that's you, you might want to pick up a microsd card  . the addition of lte and water resistence help the 2015 moto g stand out in an increasingly crowded field  . however, the competition is fierce - if you can swing it, an asus zenfone 2 is a few more dollars and has more ram, more storage, a bigger, sharper screen and a better camera, while you can get can the double ram and storage for $50 less with a zte grand x plus 2  . subjectively, the moto g has better sounding speakers plus the body is more solid than these 2 phones so you have to weigh whether those features plus the water resistance are worth it  . i've been a longtime fan of samsung high-end smartphones, but of late i've become rather disappointed in the slow pace of real improvement in the subsequent models  . this isn't strictly a samsung issue however, as this has been the case with every manufacturer out there  . the smartphone, like the pc before it, has begun to reach maturity and the level of improvement from one generation to the next has slowed down considerably  . the new models are indeed more powerful and have more features, but only incrementally so  . it's becoming increasingly difficult to justify the purchase of a new device every year  . as i am still the owner of a galaxy s4, i thought that i'd at least be impressed with 2 generations of incremental improvement  . don't get me wrong though, but the s6 is clearly faster, as the benchmarks attest, but overall the s6 doesn't feel as though it is as much of an improvement over the s4 as i'd expected  . for example, when i tested the iphone 6, i was really impressed with the incredible smoothness when i played videos (from many different sources) with steady-rate full-screen panning  . i assumed that the reason the iphone 6 was better at this than my s4 was simply because it had a more powerful gpu and a faster 64-bit cpu  . i therefore expected to see the same smooth motion on videos played on the s6, but surprisingly, all that cpu and gpu power in the s6 doesn't seem to make much difference at all in this regard  . perhaps it's an underlying issue with android, but certainly not one that has been addressed since 4  . comparing the performance of the web browser (specifically using chrome) was another odd case  . most web pages i tried opened just as fast on my s4 as they did on the s6, despite doing exceptionally well on benchmarks associated with web page access  . it didn't seem to matter how complex or large the pages were, the speed of opening them to their full glory was not something the s6 managed to do any better than the s4  . in some cases the s6 was faster (and sometimes by a wide margin), but in other cases, such as opening an email in gmail, the differences were often hard to tell  . the s6 would usually be faster when the thing being loaded hadn't yet been cached, but after both phones had the material cached, they seemed to access it at around the same speed  . yes, it has a few more megapixels than the one in the s4, but the real change in the camera is the ease at which one can take an excellent photograph  . the s4, like other smartphones from 2013, doesn't have optical image stabilization, and taking blur-free photographs in anything less than sunlit conditions is difficult  . when the shots are good however, the overall quality is hard to distinguish between the s4 and s6  . video, however, was a bit of a disappointment  . i'd once again expected performance on par with the iphone 6, but even when recording at mere 30 fps in 1080p (which the s4 can do, and should be a walk in the park for the powerful gpu and cpu in the s6) the overall smoothness of the results is not that different  . note this is howard's fat hand  . another great (though not excellent) feature is the non-swipe fingerprint reader on the home button  . last year i was very impressed with the overall ease-of-use of the fingerprint reader was on the iphone 6, and how much of a pain it was to use the reader found the s5  . samsung has addressed this problem by putting in a touch fingerprint reader than only requires the user to hold their finger on the button as they press it to wake the phone up  . however, to apple's credit, their reader seems to be much faster than the one on the s6  . the casing, which is made of metal and glass, does seem to exude quality (and indeed the fit and finish is excellent), but i could never seem to shake the feeling that i was holding a very fragile device  . of course, i wasn't about to test the durability of the casing by dropping it (as i have accidentally done with my s4), but i'm not so sure that the s6 would hold up as well to drops as the plastic s4 or s5 would  . i would have preferred to have tested a plain s6, rather than the s6 edge, because i found the curved screen on the edge model to be annoying at the best of times  . it seems more like a gimmick to me, but the sales figures seem to suggest that it's a real winner with buyers  . the screen itself didn't exactly blow me away (curvature notwithstanding)  . i put the s6 into manual brightness mode, i cranked it up to full, and then i turned up my s4 to full brightness as well  . i took them out to look at them in direct sunlight to find out if either of them was easier to see  . i'd expected the s6 to leave my s4 in the dust, especially since i'd been so impressed with the brightness of the s5's screen  . surprisingly however, the s6 wasn't all that much brighter than the s4, which (without doing a side-by-side comparison with an s5) suggests that when it comes to screen brightness, the s6 has taken a slight step backward  . i was hyped to see what sort of gps performance the s6 was capable of  . samsung has a history of putting some really outstanding gps chips in their phones, which get better in each successive generation, but the one in the s6 was a huge disappointment  . not only did it not seem to include support for chinese satellites (as does the s5 and many other current phones), but it couldn't produce locks as accurate as my s4 under any circumstances  . much to my surprise, the s6 produced far less accurate tracks  . perhaps the s6 i tested was just a lemon, and maybe most of them perform better than this, but as i've noted in other past reviews, i have only the device i tested to go on  . like the s5 before it, the s6 isn't much better than the s4  . i've heard markedly better speaker performance on other phones (in particular those built by htc)  . when it comes to the earpiece however, the s6 is like most of the galaxy models before it, where quality and volume is among the best out there, so there really wasn't much room for improvement anyway  . also, there was a bug in the s6 that sometimes forgot to turn off the gps after an app was finished with it  . the cpu and gpu are so powerful that they routinely generate a fair amount of heat, even when you aren't doing any heavy-duty work  . the back of the phone gets uncomfortably warm under prolonged use, and if you play games, the heat can be quiet annoying  . i don't much like band 7 (2600 mhz), as it often has exceptionally poor uplink speeds unless the signal is strong  . with rogers preferring 2600 mhz where available, my only hope is to force band 4  . what i really would have liked is a way to tell the phone to not use a specified band  . lo-and-behold, the s6 has this very capability, meaning i can tell it to ignore band 7 and use any other bands that are available  . this alone almost tempted me to run out and buy one, but once reality set in, i realized that it wasn't a good enough excuse  . until the s6, many samsung fans used to tout the replaceable battery and microsd card as reasons why they stuck with the brand  . it was a big shock to many fans when samsung decided to scrap both of these things  . i used to believe that they were important to me, but when i look back over my years of smartphone use, i can't honestly say that i've relied on either  . in summary therefore, the s6 is only a slight improvement over the s5 it replaces and not much of an improvement over the 2-year-old s4  . unless you're made of money, or have a burning desire to own the most recent technology, keep your high-end 1- or 2-year-old smartphones for another year and save the money  . if you're in the market to replace a much older phone, or a lower-end model, the s6 a well-built phone that has few killer downsides, but at the same time, there are things about it that are outclassed by others (the iphone 6 for example)  . as for the curved edges, unless you can image an actual use to put it to, do yourself a favor and opt for the less expenisve s6 instead of the s6 edge  . if gps performance is really important to you, and the issue i saw on this s6 is typical, then this could be a deal-breaker  . when it comes to tablets, asus does come to mind - unfortunately, the tablets that i think of are usually the cheap 7 or 8' sub $150 black friday specials, you find at walmart/staples/tigerdirect  . they typically come with a processor that's a few generations behind, a dim screen and a version of android that will likely never be updated  . yes, asus makes more fancier models but then they get lost in the discussion with the likes of samsung and apple  . until now, the north american market for phones was pretty much controlled by the carriers  . you signed a contract and then got a subsidized phone through them  . still, lately phones have gotten very capable to the point that you don't have to spend top dollar to get a decent phone  . since you don't have to spend as much as you used to, the need for a subsidy isn't as important as it used to be  . some interesting phone include google's nexus line, the oneplus one and now asus' zenfone 2  . note that in north america, the zenfone is available in 2 different trims each with many colours  . 3ghz processor, 4gb of ram, 64gb of storage and an 18 watt fast charger  . to me, at $250 the base model is the more interesting model  . you do get more with the step-up model and at around $379, it's still reasonably priced but the thing is, if you're price sensitive, than $250 is already stretching it  . i'd also contend that from a future proofing perspective, 2gb of ram will be sufficient for quite a while  . you're better off banking the price difference and upgrading a little sooner  . what about the alcatel onetouch idol 3  . when i look at the zen phone, the first competitor that comes to mind is the alcatel onetouch idol 3  . the zen pulls ahead with a processor that's about 30% faster, dual sims and a slightly better camera  . the idol counters with it's powerful stereo speakers which just happen to be the zen's weakness and more durable finishes  . one question mark is how diligent asus and alcatel will be when it comes to android updates  . i don't have any experience with asus, but according to wikipedia they've updated many of their recent phones from kitkat to lollipop so i give them the advantage here  . still, while the zen will attract a lot of notice because of its powerful processor and to a lesser extent, its dual sims, i think the idol is a more balance package  . while it lacks the zen's raw processing power, it still possesses enough for most people  . i guess it's more that the zen has a significant weakness (its speaker) while the idol doesn't  . anyways, it's hard to go wrong with either phone  . it's funny how fast the market has moved  . when the original g came out, we were all awestruck by how much you got for your money  . fast forward 2 years and its successor, the 2014 moto g is now looking a little over-priced  . the zen has a higher resolution screen, a much more powerful processor, lte, a noticeably better camera, more storage, more ram and just way more bang for your buck  . from the faux metal back to the rear mounted volume buttons it's not a terribly original looking design  . the speaker grill looks like it was lifted from an htc one  . while it's an interesting finish because you can actually feel the grooves left behind by the brushing process  . unfortunately, it also feels cheap because it reminds me of a 3d picture where you can feel the ridges  . while it has a nice finish, the back itself is pretty cheap  . first off, the center of the back can be pressed - this doesn't exactly instill confidence  . next i noticed the plastic actually dented when i used my fingernail to pry it off  . the worst however was when i attached the cover on in the wrong order  . i actually managed to break one of the plastic latches on the cover off  . i'm not joking! i hope asus saved a lot of money using such thin plastic because i'm not impressed  . i'm not crazy about the back but most of this problem can be solved by buying a case for the zen  . if you're going to do that then this really isn't a big deal  . while a lot of phones have curved backs, something about the zen's is different - when i put it on my table and try to use it, rocks around like crazy  . i've used other phones like the htc one m7, m8, m9, lg g2, g3, g4, motorola moto x, x2, g, g2 etc and haven't really noticed this problem, so i'm not sure why it's so pronounced on the zen  . anyways, i spend a lot of my time in front of a desk and find the fact that it rocks around quite irritating  . i did notice that the finish on the sides (that aren't part of the back cover) are quite soft and scratch quite easily, i tried to plug it in in the middle of the night and noticed the area around the microusb port is all scratched up now  . at this point, i've only been using the zen for about a week and i haven't done anything to abuse it so this is pretty shocking  . the bottom part of the front has an interesting grooved finish  . unfortunately, it also attracts a lot of dust  . while i've made the zen out to be a really cheaply built phone, it's really just the back cover and sides  . the rest of it is reasonably solid - when you squeeze it, it doesn't really shift anymore than other phones and it resists twisting well  . for some reason, the power button is located at the top and in the middle, away from the volume buttons which are located on the back  . given the large screen, it's not the greatest spot for a power button  . still, you can double tap the screen to turn it on which makes it less of an issue  . after i got used to the top-mounted power button i thought the zen handled quite well  . the lack of buttons on the sides really let you focus on using the phone  . the front is large enough that there's plenty of room for the physical menu buttons so i never once pressed them by accident  . 3mm which is a little thicker than i'm used to  . if you're going to toss it in a case, it's going to feel a little chunky  . i have no major complaints about the display  . colour seems fine - by default, it's just a tiny bit washed out  . you can fine tune it in the settings if you want  . off-angle, it loses a bit of light but not enough to complain about  . outdoors, the display is excellent  . still, they're darker than rachel dolezal so i guess as far as i'm concerned, that's black enough  . secondly, it's not the brightest screen on the market  . that said, i didn't really notice this until i had it next to competitors like the moto g 2014 and the idol 3 so i guess it's not a big deal  . more importantly, the screen works well outdoors so this problem isn't too major  . i mostly compared it to the idol 3 which costs similar money and also has a 13 megapixel sensor (an imx314 from sony which can also be found in the oneplus one and the pricey google nexus 6)  . as it turns out, i was relatively happy with the zen's camera  . while i did find it rather noisy - i've never been too bothered by some grain so long as the picture itself looks fine  . in that sense, i prefer the zen's camera to the idol  . while the idol pictures were cleaning looking with noticeably less grain, there was usually less detail  . i don't think it's due to excessive sharpening because some of the tell tales of over-sharpening like sharpened-looking noise aren't present   . colour is hit and miss  . while it never really completely missed white balance, i generally though the idol did a better job in the colour department  . here the idol's colours are much closer, the can on the right is too purple in the zen's picture, while the bin on the left is too blue  . i also found that i preferred how the idol exposed scenes  . the zen had a tendency to underexpose slightly which results in slightly darker pictures  . the bottom line though is that i was generally happier with the zen and found i got more keepers from it  . remember, how i said the zen tends to be more noisy? it actually because it does less noise reduction  . the moto g does really poorly here and is obviously the worst of the 3  . if you look carefully, the zen bests the idol here  . interestingly, both use the same shutter speed but the idol has to use a much higher iso  . part of this is due to the slower f/2  . the software itself has a lot of options - too many in my opinion but they don't really intrude on the user experience so i won't hold it against the zen  . my only gripe with the software is the burst mode is horrible  . it's not very fast and afterwards, you have to choose which pictures you want to keep before it will let you shoot again  . forcing you to choose which ones you want to keep completely kills that  . video mode is quite noisy and colours can get compressed plus there's no optical image stabilization so you need to be very careful when you hold it  . 0 with asus' interface on top  . while current trend is for oem's to slim down their included software, asus bucks the trend with a ui that's pretty heavy  . it creates an interesting dilemma; on one hand, if an oem doesn't use one at all then, all they're competing on is hardware  . while this is a good thing for customers, it makes it much harder for them to differentiate since they're all drawing from the same pool of parts as everyone else  . all they have to do to compete is release a device with higher specs than the competitor at a competitive price and suddenly the competitor is obsolete  . i guess in a cynical way, the idea of an overlay is to stop this from happening because it creates just enough confusion that customers are tricked into choosing a phone with lesser hardware because they think the overlay is more useful  . still, some times overlays are genuinely useful but there's a balance between making something useful and just making a device that's incredibly cluttered, out of the box  . worse yet, since i started using the zen a week ago 3, new apps mysteriously appeared  . i'm sure there's a setting somewhere that keeps this from happening but the fact that it does this by default is worrisome  . some of these programs are useful but not all of them and that's the problem  . i'll pick on a couple, why is there a need to a dedicated update program? all android phones automatically alert users as to when there's a new update  . the dedicated flashlight app is another example; when you use the flashlight shortcut from the pull down it doesn't turn it on  . instead it launches an app with useless settings like a flashing setting, multiple flashes, etc  . i did like the asus link app, once you've installed the companion app on your computer you can use the zen on your computer  . it works quite well and while there is a slight lag, i was still able to play a few games like plants vs zombies 2 on my desktop using my mouse  . anyways, i can handle extras so long as you can uninstall them and reclaim the space they take up but most of these apps can't be removed  . my inner-computer nerd just loves the idea of an intel powered phone - my last 3 desktop computers all had extreme edition cpu's  . computing power excellent while graphics performance is pretty good  . the peacekeeper browser benchmark scores are right up there with qualcomm's 805 soc which can be found on the google nexus 6 and 30% higher than the snapdragon 615 in the idol  . it also does very well in pc mark:  . gaming scores are also excellent outscoring the idol by over 100% and just slightly lower than note 4 and nexus 6  . yes, the later phones have much higher resolution displays but that's their disadvantage  . all in all, the intel processor turns in an excellent performance  . given intel's absence from other flagship phones, i suspect intel maybe subsidizing the zen's cost which makes it an even better value  . the earpiece is slightly louder than normal  . since the built-in speaker has no bass at all, it actually works well here since it's only suitable for people's voices  . rf performance is very strong, it was able to keep a call with very few drop outs in a spot in my basement where the nexus 6 was struggling  . i don't normally talk about phone dialers much but the asus one has a really strange behaviour  . like many phones, the zen will automatically search through your phone book as you dial a phone number and display matches at the top  . so far so good  . however, after you hang up, it reverts back to the dialer page with the partial phone number on it  . it doesn't sound like much but for me, a lot of the time i'll dial the same number back so it's really irritating  . another way to put it is that one is strictly for voice or super slow gsm/edge data  . in canada, this means that one sim card will only work on rogers and you won't be able to get speeds above 236kb/s (lte goes up to 150,000kb/s)  . just to clarify, the other sim card will work just on rogers, bell, telus, etc's lte network  . the intel processor can get quite warm when you use it but it's not as bad as phones with cortex a57 cores  . i thought the large 3000mah provides enough juice to last most users the entire day  . despite the impressive looking speaker grill on the back, the built-in speaker is one of the worst things about the zen  . it's tinny-sounding so there's no bass at all plus it's not very loud  . the built-in music player has a pretty strong bass boost by default  . it strong enough that that the boominess can sometimes take away from music at times but i have to admit that i thought it was pretty fun  . if you're old enough to remember, it kind of reminds of sony's mega bass switch which used to be on their old walkmans, discmans and minidisc players  . if you don't want heavy, under-water sounding music, you can disable the bass boost using the audiowizard function which has its own app, separate from the music player  . you get 16gb of built-in store of which around 11gb is available  . if that's not enough you can get a higher-spec'd zen with 64gb and or you can toss a microsd into the mix  . if it had a fancier badge on it, they could have charged double for it - it's a phenomenal value and is really going to make things tough for other companies  . the zenfone 2 effectively puts a limit on how much lesser competitors can charge for their phones now  . conversely, it also highlights just how hot the market for non-flagship devices is getting  . phones are only going to get better and cheaper  . it's not just a powerful processor attached to a mediocre phone either  . the display is also quite good  . it's not quite flagship material but it's easily good enough for most users  . it's as sharp as a flagship (to my eyes anyways) and colour is reasonable  . the plastic on the back cover is cheap and very easy to damage  . still, this is pretty minor, after all, how often do we take our sim and microsd cards? plus you can put the zenfone 2 in a case and suddenly the cheap plastic isn't a big deal  . as for the camera, it's not bad but it's not that great either, i'd say it's a good for the price point but not a great deal like the processor is  . there's no nice way to put it but the rear facing speaker sucks - speakers don't get a lot of notice but when it's this bad it's going to cause problems when you're sharing videos or you just can't hear the phone ring  . so you have to decide if the savings are worth a phone that should be seen but can't be heard  . either way, the zenfone really punishes the moto g 2014 as far as value for your money goes and is a clear leader when it comes to bang for your buck  . 2015's batch of android flagship includes formidable competitors like the samsung galaxy s6 and the lg g4  . so, it should be interesting to see how well htc's latest flagship the one m9, measures up  . the camera resolution and sensor size have been given a big bump so its numbers are all now class leading  . there's a saying that something is 'more than the sum of its parts', unfortunately the opposite is true of the m9; it's less than the sum of its parts  . i get the feeling that the m9 would have been better if they had put a slower processor in with a smaller camera sensor with less megapixels  . battery life, performance and even the camera all suffer because of the 810  . aside from price, the only advantage the m9 has over the s6 is that it comes with a microsd card slot and to a much lesser extent, the battery life is better  . or to put it more accurately; the battery life sucks less  . the s6 pair is faster, it's louder, it's better as a phone, the camera blows the m9's out of the water, you get the idea  . i like the g4 even more than the gs6 so it's no surprise; unless you must have a metal body that's been glue together or you absolutely positively must have htc zoe and blinkfeed, stick with the g4  . at a glance, the m9's body is identical to the m8's but there are 2 big changes  . the m8 had a very thick clear coat which, if i'm honest, made it feel cheap and slippery  . the m9's is much more matte and feels a bit more expensive  . the other is that the power button has migrated to the right side of the phone  . the m7, m8 (and their predecessors) all had their power buttons located on the top  . when phones weren't that large, a top-mounted power button was perfectly fine but as the screen size grew the having it on top started to become a nuisance since many people tend to grip their phone on the lower half which made reaching for the top inconvenient  . so kudos to htc for finally getting with the times  . while the button is conveniently placed, i wished it was just a tad stiffer  . i also noticed that the m9 is a bit shorter and narrower than the m8 which makes it fairly compact among its flagship competitors  . like previous htc's, the m9 has an off-center microusb port  . i get that too much symmetry is boring but having an off-center charging connector just isn't intuitive  . this time around, the front half is noticeable smaller than the back half  . this makes assembling the m9 more forgiving since this makes small variances in alignment less noticeable  . it's worth pointing out that since the m9 is glued together, replacing its battery is going to be quite an ordeal  . this is something to think about if you plan on keeping the m9 past 2 years when the warranty expires since that's usually when people begin to notice that the battery is deteriorating  . the not-that-large 5' screen and curved back make the m9 a nice phone to hold  . i mention this because mine fell off a table and sustained some minor damage  . it looks plenty sharp to me and it doesn't bother me at all that it's not a qhd 2560x1440 display like the competition  . color is pleasant  . i don't have an m8 around to compare with directly but the m9 loses a lot of brightness off-angle  . it's similar to the g4 in this regard and really annoys the hell out of me when i'm trying to take pictures of my kids since it makes it difficult to frame shots outdoors  . one reason why people carry around large cameras is because their large imaging sensors all their photos to have shallow depth of field  . that way only your subject is in focus while the background is blurry and not distracting  . photographers call the shallow depth of field "bokeh"  . the problem with camera phones is that they have very small imaging sensors which have a very depth of field - let's just call it "nokeh"  . it was an interesting idea but there were 2 problems; first off when i had the m8, i found that the bokeh effect was hit and miss  . secondly, shallow depth of field wasn't a feature only reserved for a m8, you could add bokeh to pretty much any picture from any camera phone after the fact  . the second camera was really just a gimmick that had questionable utility  . while the second camera was an interesting feature, it helped to hide the fact that htc removed one of the m7's best features; optical image stabilization  . as it turned out, the ois was one of the reasons why the m7 had better than average low-light performance  . htc would have been better off trading the ois for some magic beans instead of the second camera  . while it's true that megapixels aren't a good measurement of image quality, a lot of the time i wish my m7 had a little bit more  . further, while the m7's decent low-light performance allowed it to take many shots you simply couldn't with other phones, i was never satisfied with the image quality  . pictures were always kind of gritty looking and the m7 tended to overexpose shots  . that said, to me, the best thing about the ultrapixel camera was how fast it was  . it was able to fire off a burst faster than any other phone  . first off, they've moved the ultrapixel camera from the rear to the front which if i'm honest, sounds like an excellent idea  . while i thought that the ultrapixel camera made a lousy rear-facing camera, its low light capabilities make it an excellent choice for a front-facing one  . unfortunately, the ois which i loved on the m7 is still missing on the m9  . so how well does all this work? unfortunately, not well  . first off, the m9 camera is slow  . unfortunately for the m9, the last 2 android phones i reviewed were the gs6 and lg g4, which completely wipe the floor with the m9 in this regard  . the lack of ois really hurts the m9  . the gs6 and g4 produce much cleaner pictures and more importantly, their pictures are usually free of any shaking from my hands  . outdoors, when there is plenty of light, the m9 camera works fine  . color is nice and there's plenty of detail  . indoors, color looks fine but the m9's pictures are very grittier looking  . if you look closely, you'll notice how noisy (grainy) and splotchy they are, plus there's almost no fine detail  . it's just a hot mess  . it was taken at night time with the room lighting (a chandelier with six 25 watt equivalent led bulbs):  . make sure you right click each image to view it at full resolution  . while the gs6 missed the proper white balance (this doesn't usually happen), the rest of the picture is much cleaner than the one m9  . the noise is probably a result of 2 factors; first off, i suspect that the m9 is not able to keep up with the heat from the large-ish 1/2  . 4' sensor and thus can't cool it efficiently  . a hotter sensor will have more noise  . i also found that i often had to take multiple shots because most of them are blurry because i couldn't hold the camera still enough  . in case you're wondering, yes, i do know how to hold a camera steady  . to make matters worse, the autofocus isn't all that great  . it tends to miss completely which requires you to tap to tell it where you want it to focus  . one interesting feature is the ability to shoot in raw mode but to be honest, it doesn't fix any of the problems i just mentioned and is more of an attempt at distraction from how awful the camera is  . video quality isn't much better  . indoors video is really noisy and messy looking plus the lack of ois is really noticeable  . heat is the enemy if you want clean images  . if you're able to keep the sensor cool chances are you'll get less noise  . so if you're taking a long video, you'll notice that it actually gets noisier after a minute or 2  . first off, they got rid of ois, then they traded the ultrapixel's low-light performance for a messy looking sensor  . finally, they ditched all the speed of the m7 and m8's camera for the m9's slow camera  . don't forget that speed makes anything more intuitive so the m9's camera isn't as easy to use  . it's quite a stunning reversal, while i never thought the ultrapixels were class leading, they were at least an interesting alternative  . now htc's competitive advantage is completely gone and we just have a phone with a very unremarkable and mediocre camera  . it comes with htc advantage which, in canada, means you get: 'get the latest software updates for up to 2 years automatically'  . that's like me offering to give you up to a million dollars  . 0 so there's a good chance the m9 will still be getting updates in 2017 - assuming htc is still around of course  . also included with htc advantage is 100gb of google drive space for 2 years (anyone think google will give this away for free in 2 years?), htc backup along with phone and live chat support  . since the camera is so much slower than the its predecessors htc has de-emphasized their zoe software and blinkfeed - a feature which i never used can be disabled (actually i think the m8 had this too)  . here's something interesting; htc, which i've never thought of as shipping excessive amounts of bloatware, actually doesn't have a lot of free storage space out of the box compared to the competition  . it ships with 32gb of storage but when you start using it only around 22gb is available  . there's still an infrared blaster at the top of the phone but unfortunately, htc is still using peel's completely useless infrared software  . if you've cut the cable like me, it's can't really do anything unless you subscribe to cable or something similar  . one problem i've noticed with a57 cores is that they run incredibly hot  . when you're forced to use them, they are absolutely devastating to battery life  . be it the gs6, g4 or the m9, i get the feeling that they're completely unready and only got pushed out the door due to competitive pressures  . anyways, the m9 runs very hot  . one time, when i was shooting some 4k video it stopped shooting and complained that it was overheating  . fortunately, once it hits 115f, the m9 will throttle the speed of speed and slow down so it never gets warmer than this  . too much heat is not good for a phone because it's not good for the components and can reduce their life  . that's why the m9 and its supposedly faster processor is sometimes outperformed by the lg g4 and it's more pedestrian snapdragon 808 which only has half the number of a57 cores which have a slower maximum speed  . perhaps m9's relatively compact dimensions make it a poor choice for a fiery chip like the 810  . it's better suited for a larger phablet device  . if it's 'warmed up', it will sometimes stutter  . sometimes the m9 appears to pause and become unresponsive  . in that sense, while the m9 should be faster than its predecessor the m8, sometimes it's not  . with all this in mind, i benchmarked the m9 like i do all my phones; on my desk is my basement office  . i included its main competitors; the lg g4 and samsung gs6 along with the google nexus 6 - still current but with a more modest qualcomm snapdragon 805 and a samsung gs5 (snapdragon 801 - same as the m8)  . since i ran the on-screen test, the m9 and its lower resolution 1920x1080 display are at a tremendous advantage over the gs6, nexus 6 and g4 and their quad-hd displays  . i ran it in chrome which is available for pretty much any android phone  . here the m9 does well with a score that's in the same ballpark as the g4 and gs6  . to test this i recorded 3 more antutu scores, one where i ran antutu immediately after gaming for 10 minutes so that it was even hotter and the other after sitting in my freezer for 30 minutes - yes, my freezer where i store my frozen peas along with countless other forgotten foods  . the really interesting part is that when the m9 is frozen it actually scores approx 15% higher  . so i guess all you have to do to unleash the snapdragon 810's full potential is some arctic silver and a giant heatsink  . one thing's for certain, if you shake someone's hand and find that it's all clammy, chances are they own a m9  . conversely, if you live in the arctic and don't like to wear gloves than the m9 may be the phone to get  . benchmarks are great but you're probably wondering how fast the m9 is in real life  . as it turns out, when it comes to tasks like launching the camera app and chrome it's a step behind the g4 and gs6  . the difference is exasperated if you've been using it and it's warmed up  . earpiece volume is above average - it's louder than my iphone 6 plus  . incoming sound quality is clean  . the snapdragon 810/cortex a57 are just a death sentence to battery life  . still, the 2840mah battery is well sized for the class - the gs6 has a puny 2550mah while the g4 has a meaty 3000mah  . i think average users can make it through a regularly day without having to charge while power users will have to top off  . like the m7 and m8, the m9 has stereo speakers which have very good sound quality  . still, while i didn't compare them side-by-side, i don't think there has been an improvement in terms of volume which is kind of disappointing since many of the competition have caught up in terms of sound quality and volume  . in fact, the g4 and gs6 are both noticeably more powerful than the m9 and they only sounds slightly worse  . in fact, i'd say than the m9's maximum speaker volume is merely adequate  . this time around, the m9 comes with dolby audio, all this means is that it comes with a useless setting that add excessive amounts of reverb to the speakers  . sure, they have lower end devices like a few desires and depending on where you live maybe a phablet but htc is mostly about their one line  . with that in mind, the m9 just isn't a big improvement from the m8 - i hate to say it but with the m9, htc has really become irrelevant  . i mean the m8 is a decent device and while the m9 should be an improvement, in many areas, it's actually a step back  . it's got all the right ingredients but unfortunately, htc botched the recipe  . while it boasted the highest resolution screen around, the screen itself didn't really look any better than the competition but worse yet, the rest of it wasn't quite as cutting edge  . the camera while not terrible, wasn't terribly good either  . since then, samsung unleashed their gs6, which in many ways is a big step up from the gs5 which was was the g3's contemporary  . now lg has the g4; is it enough to compete with the gs6  . for example, both have quad-hd displays but the g4's looks much sharper because lg has fixed the weird halos that appear on some text on the g3 that was never fixed even after the 5  . the g3's was a middling camera - it wasn't horrible but it definitely wasn't market leading  . the g4's is right up there with the gs6 at the top of the market  . while neither is super thin, the curved back on both helps to make them feel a little smaller than they are  . they match up well in many areas; the cameras are comparable, as are the displays  . both have excellent multimedia chops with powerful headphone, amplifiers and speakers  . the gs6 pulls ahead with a truly usable fingerprint reader which i much prefer over the g4's custom knock pattern unlock  . the reason they have to do this is because many people will have to top it off  . it's actually samsung's way of apologizing for giving the gs6 a lousy battery  . the g4 would have a long enough range that most can wait till they get home to charge it  . the gs6 on the other hand would charge faster but would require you to take time out of your day to add some juice  . as for the gs6 edge, it's a very sleek device but the sloped sides of the screen make it awful to use  . on the other hand, i had no problems using the g4  . it fits well in my and and is predictable  . both are great phones; you get more sizzle with the gs6 while the g4 is more about the steak  . i will say that i prefer the g4  . the m9 does have a nice metal body but that's about the only advantage that it has  . while not terrible, the m9 camera isn't particularly good either  . it's not terribly responsive, the camera software isn't terribly intuitive  . i'm also not a fan of htc's sense software and find that it brings little benefit  . on paper, the m9's soc should be more powerful than the g4's but when i test it, there isn't much of a difference between the 2 devices  . the g4 is now the lone flagship that comes with a user-removable battery  . if you plan on keeping your phone for a while, a removable battery is really handy  . a plastic one one with a hammered metal finish (because brushed metal looking plastic is so 2012) or a slick leather one  . the leather back looks sick (in a good way)  . just look at it, they really grained the hell out of it  . i guess i do have a minor complaint, the leather is really thin so it lacks a bit of the softness/suppleness you normally get with leather  . note the chromed paint on it, it's solid enough that it had be second guessing that it's made from plastic  . despite the large footprint, the g4 is a very solid phone with virtually no flexing when you twist it  . check out the slick diamond pattern behind the glass on the bezel  . like the g2 and g3, the g4 has no buttons on the sides  . still, you can always wake the g4 up by double tapping the screen or using one your own knock pattern to unlock it  . then again, it's not quite as simple as pressing the home button and then placing your finger on it to unlock it like you can on the gs6 or some iphones  . if you take a lot of pictures the lack of buttons on the side really allow to hold the g4 very securely  . just watch out if you're shooting video because it's easy to accidentally cover up one of the microphones  . otherwise, the g4 is very easy to handle  . the top and bottom of the front have plenty of space so there's little chance of accidentally pressing the screen when you reach across with your thumb  . these days heat is a big issue so you're probably wondering how hot the g4 gets  . while i didn't bother putting a thermometer to it, the g4 does get quite warm but only on the top part around the camera  . lg calls the g4's display a 'quantum ips', i asked lg what this means and was mildly disappointed that it doesn't mean it has a quantum dot display  . they're not quite amoled black but they come pretty damn close  . off the top of my head the g4 has the deepest   . i don't have any equipment to measure saturation but the reds and greens and blues on the chrome icon look well behaved on the g4  . 5' 2560x1440 display is insanely sharp and indeed that's the case  . actually, even though they have the same resolution, the g4's looks much sharper because it doesn't have those strange halos that the g3 does  . since the blacks are so deep and the colours pop, i initially thought the g4's display was brighter than the g3's (which looks kind of washed out next to the g4) but after putting them side-by-side, i'd say the g3 is actually a tiny bit brighter  . however, the awesome colour seems to come at a cost  . the g4 loses a quite a bit of brightness when you don't view it straight on  . i tend to take a lot of pictures when i'm not holding the g4 right in front of me and the loss in brightness is very noticeable - especially outdoors because i have trouble framing my shots/videos  . compared to the gs6 outdoors it's noticeably brighter but once you go off-angle there isn't a big difference between them  . note how much dimmer the g4 (and m9) displays are compared to the 6 plus and gs6 edge  . i suspect the g4's poor off-angle performance is caused by the curved front  . straight on the g4 display is incredible but the loss in brightness off-angle really hurts its usefulness  . overall, the g4 display is incredible  . there's been a lot of buzz about how good the g4 camera is so i was very curious to try it myself  . while the camera sensor appears to be top notch, i think the real differentiator is the image stabilizer  . just to clarify, i'm talking about 'real' stabilization where parts of the camera can actually move to counteract shake and not digital image stabilization which just reserves a few pixels at the edges of the frame to allow space for the image to shift around  . what's different about the g4 stabilizer is that it works really well  . i don't have a rig setup to test it but when you shake the g4 it does an incredible job of reducing shake  . it's so good it doesn't have to resort to using 'tricks' like a super wide angle lens (like on the gs6), using excessive amounts of digital stabilization (like on a blackberry)  . lg tells me that the g4 can correct horizontal and vertical shake along with z-axis (forward and back) shake  . the stabilizer is also able to correct up to 2 degrees of movement vs 1 degree on the g3  . i wonder where lg got the idea of this feature from? on a gs6, you can double tap the home button to launch the camera  . i prefer samsung's implementation over the lg one because you can do this from any screen with a gs6  . the lg double tap only seems to work when the phone is off  . picture quality is excellent  . these days, most cameras - even cheaper ones do well outdoors and that's the case with the g4  . it's amazing how well it does when there isn't a lot of light and most of the time, it doesn't even need to use super long exposures which it could since it has a very effective stabilizer  . my only complaint about the g4 is that sometimes it takes a little longer to focus than the competition - especially the first shot, which usually takes a second or two  . i'm not sure if this is a side effect of the faster than normal f/1  . it also focuses more between shots which isn't necessarily a bad thing but it does make shot-to-shot speeds slower  . there are 3 different shooting modes; simple, auto and advanced  . advanced is a manual mode complete with:  . it can even shoot in raw mode if jpg isn't enough for you  . this doesn't really affect anything since removing dead pixels from an image is very simple but it's still quite shocking  . what i really liked about the manual mode is that it's actually fairly responsive and easy to use  . i wouldn't use it all the time but i'd definitely play with it occasionally - the manual focus (great for macros) and exposure lock are both very useful  . speaking of macro, the g4 minimum focusing distance (mfd) is pretty impressive  . i found that auto mode produced photos that sometimes have excessive sharpening - it gets really bad if there isn't a lot of light  . i liked the pictures i got from the advanced mode when i left everything default  . the only problem is that you lose burst mode in advanced mode  . as good as the g4's camera is, sometimes you'll need burst to tip the odds in your favor that you'll get a keeper  . it's only lit by chandelier with 6 led (25 watt equivalent) bulbs  . you can right click any of these images to view them at full resolution  . the gs6 has the cleanest looking shot here but it missed the white balance  . normally it's pretty good about white balance so this is an anomoly  . i would have gotten better results if i had used advanced mode  . the iphone 6 plus looks like there is very light processing - it uses a fairly slow shutter speed (which isn't ideal)  . the g3 does its best here but you the noise reduction takes up a lot of detail  . the m9 with it's lack of image stabilization really hurts it here  . it's forced to use a fairly high iso and even then it took me a few tries to get that shot  . remember that awesome stabilizer i was talking about earlier? it allows for really smooth video - i didn't do a side-by-side comparison but it reminds me of the stabilizer in my dedicated panasonic camcorder which is extremely effective  . video looks great, the sensor is quite sensitive so indoor video stays relatively clean looking even when there isn't a lot of light  . unfortunately, the manual mode only works for photos so you can't manually focus while shooting video  . the microphone sounds great but it tends to pick up a lot of handling noise - i suspect it's because the lack of buttons on the sides encourages you to hold the g4 much more securely  . then again, it could indicate poor microphone placement  . the stabilizer is so good that feature alone is making me think of packing a g4 just so i can use it shoot 4k video  . i personally don't like super wide front facing cameras but i guess this is a personal decision  . i'm not 100% sure of the best way to test a front facing camera  . the only thing that really matters to me is how well the front facing camera does in low light  . as it turns out, this is very difficult to test because some manufacturers do more post processing than others  . sorry for getting all loquacious about front facing cameras but there's a lot to think about  . none of these pictures looks good but out of these 4, i prefer the htc one m9 and the lg g4  . if you lighten the picture, it still captures a bit of detail compared to the others because it doesn't try to remove too much of the noise  . the gs6 does the worst here, the wide-angle lens makes for uninteresting look selfies and even though i turned the 'beauty' feature all the way down it still softens everything to the point that it looks like a watercolor painting  . oh and btw, nice try making me look 'beautiful' - it's not gonna happen  . also note how the pull down switches take up half the space, i prefer how stock lollipop allows you to pull down once for your notifications and then a second time to see your switches  . like the g3, the g4 likes to try to hand out lots of cards with what it thinks are useful bits of information  . while i don't use the split screen apps much, it's nice that this feature is available  . like the gs6 and m9, the g4 has an infrared blaster located at the top so you can use it to control your home theater equipment  . unlike them, the g4 doesn't use peel's useless remote software that requires you to subscribe to cable to satellite to be of any use  . that means the g4's remote software is actually useful  . another useful carry-over program is quick memo, which lets you take a screenshot and then mark it up with your finger  . so the 810 and 808 are twice as fast right? technically, yes but not really  . the a57 cores run very hot so in the case of the 810 in the m9, it's not always able to run them at full speed  . something else to consider is that the a57 cores run hot  . after a few minutes the gs6 feels like a nuclear rod, the g4 has half the cores and while it doesn't get quite as hot it still gets quite warm  . doing anything taxing also causes battery to drain at an alarm rate (much more so on the gs6)  . i got a feeling that the a57 cores aren't really ready right now but due to market pressures they were rushed out the door  . is this because lg doesn't want scores showing up on benchmark sites before launch? is lg trying something underhanded like overclocking the soc or maybe relaxing throttling clock speed limits for benchmarks (i have no idea)? do they just want to make sure the phone isn't working on anything else while the benchmark is running which could result in lower scores (probably)  . you can trick some of them by turning on airplane mode, launching the program and then disabling airplane mode via the notification area pull down switches but it doesn't work for all of them  . as such, the only benchmarks i could run are peacekeeper, antutu and 3dmark unlimited  . it's about 25% faster than the gs6 and htc one m9  . in antutu, i suspect the fact that the g4 has 2 less high performance cores than the htc one m9 and gs6 results in its lackluster score  . 3d mark unlimited runs off screen so the m9 with it's lower resolution display doesn't have an advantage here  . i wouldn't pay too much attention to this as the scores indicate that it can run quite a bit faster - 808's are supposed to run their a57's at 1  . i want a powerful phone so i don't have to wait for it  . i want it to launch my camera as fast as possible, ditto for chrome, and my favorite video games  . the gs6 has the highest benchmark scores out of all the phones i have tried so i figured i put it next to the g4 to see which one launches programs faster  . with 2 extra arm cortex a57 cores which are clocked faster than the g4 along with ddr4 ram and speedy ufs 2  . 0 storage the gs6 has a bit of an advantage  . to see which is faster, i killed all open applications on both phones, put them side-by-side and then launched each app simultaneously  . when it comes to chrome, the g4 is half a step faster and drawing pages  . the tables are turned for plants vs zombies 2 which the gs6 consistently edging out the g4 by a small amount  . my point is even though the g4 isn't a hero at benchmarks, it's competitive with the best out there - no one's going to find it slow  . the built in speaker is extremely powerful  . the g4 doesn't sound cheap but it's lacks some of the gs6's thumping bass  . it also has excellent sound quality  . if that's not enough, you can add microsd cards which currently top out at 200gb  . the earpiece maximum volume is above average (average = iphone 6 plus) but lags behind the gs6  . ditto for the speakerphone, which is louder than average but not as loud as the gs6  . the lg g4 is a much more balanced device compared to the gs6/gs6 edge  . it matches the gs6 camera, has nearly as much performance, has similar multi-media capabilities, has a nice leather back and is solid  . while i'm not sure if it's by choice, these days microsoft has decided to devote most of its attention to the more affordable end of the market  . here's blu's entry level windows phone, the win jr lte which surprise, surprise, has support for lte at a sub $100 usd price point  . when it came out, we were all amazed at how much you got for the price  . however, in that year and a half, the entry level has moved quickly and now the first gen moto g doesn't feel quite as revolutionary as it used to  . still, the moto g has 4 features that give it a leg up on the win jr  . first off, it comes with a 1280x720 display which is much sharper than the jr's  . you also get 1gb of ram, which allows it to run pretty much anything you can throw at it, along with 8gb of storage, which gives you some room to grow  . windows phone has its merits and indeed, some prefer it over alternative  . neither has a very good camera but i'd say the jr wins out by a small margin  . really, the reason to get the jr is for the lte, dual sim support and removable storage  . the jr also has a newer snapdragon 410 vs the 400 in the moto g but to be honest, the difference between them isn't enough to choose one over the other unless both phones are otherwise exactly the same  . these days, you can pick up a locked moto g first gen for around $100 - if you don't need the jr's extras then it's a more well-rounded phone  . the lumia 635 costs a tiny bit more than the jr but for the extra cash, it comes with 8gb of storage instead of the 4gb you find on the jr, a better camera (though it lacks the jr's flash) and a better set of screen coatings  . if you can swing it, you're probably better off with the 635  . while i've gotten used to carrying large phones around with me like my iphone 6 plus and nexus 6, it's a bit of fresh air to use something as small as the 4  . 5' blu win jr lte  . it doesn't take up much space in my pocket and fits perfectly in my hand  . like its bigger brother, the win hd lte (shouldn't it be called the win sr lte?), you can get the jr in some crazy colours  . mine is bright yellow (or is it green?)  . unlike the sr, the jr's back is painted with a hard finish which should be much more practical than the sr's soft-touch finish  . the buttons themselves are decent, they protrude just enough and have some feel when you press them in  . check out the crazy green chrome finish on the sides  . i think it's a pretty pleasant looking phone  . despite the price tag, it doesn't look (or feel) particularly cheap  . 5' screen's 854x480 resolution is stretched pretty thin at just 217ppi, the display is a bit blurry  . that said, it's not so bad that you can't get used to it  . just watch out, it's not sharp enough to let you read most non-mobile optimized webpages without zooming in first  . like other blu phones, the win jr doesn't have the greatest oleophobic coating on it  . once it gets dirty it's very difficult to clean  . the anti-glare coating isn't very good, so you might have trouble seeing the display outdoors  . to be honest, while the display isn't awesome, it's not exactly terrible either  . it works perfectly fine indoors and has decent view-angles  . you get a 5 megapixel camera on the back with autofocus and an led flash  . it actually focuses fairly quickly   . the camera can't handle scenes where you have a darkly lit subject and a bright background (like when you're indoors and have a window in the background)  . image quality isn't as good as the nokia lumia 635  . the jr is kind of noisy so indoors pictures can get really soft looking because of the noise reduction  . colour doesn't look too bad though sometimes thing look a bit dull outdoors  . overall, the jr is serviceable outdoors while indoors, you'll need to keep it very still and stick to static subjects  . if you're going to record any video, do yourself a favour and pick up a microsd because out of the box, the storage is basically full already  . video doesn't look very good  . the microphone is easy to overdrive and it picks up lots of handling noise  . while some people will say that 512mb of perfectly adequate for windows phone, it will sometimes keep you from running certain apps  . something else to consider is that the jr only comes with 4gb of storage of which less than 1gb is available to the user  . after snapping a few pictures i didn't have enough room to run a firmware update  . check out my win hd lte review for more on what i think about the win jr's software which is more or less in the same situation:  . i was pretty excited that the jr comes with a 64bit 1  . it's not a high-end processor but it's still pretty fancy for an entry-level phone like the jr  . my first intuition was that it would excel at games since it has a lower resolution display which means there are less pixels to push  . however, the jr's meager 512mb of ram keeps it from running gfx bench  . you'd think that the snapdragon 410 should be up to the task of browsing the web, but browsing the web isn't very smooth and the low resolution screen makes things worse  . in the end, the snapdragon 410 is a bullet point on the jr's checklist but the lack of ram and resolution act as bottlenecks  . it also sounds a lot better than the win hd lte  . the headphone jack sounds good and is quite powerful  . remember, the jr only comes with 4gb of storage most of which is taken up by windows so if you're going to store any files on it, do yourself a favour and get a microsd  . battery life is decent  . the small screen and lack of ram really help to keep the battery out of trouble  . part of me is wondering why anyone would bother putting lte into a phone as inexpensive as the win jr lte  . at this price point, the extra money spent on adding lte could be spent on other features like a bigger/better screen, better camera, etc  . however, if you look at it from blu's standpoint it makes perfect sense; adding lte allows it to work with more operators, better compatibility expands the jr's audience  . still, the addition of lte means that the win jr doesn't make as much progress in other areas as it could have had they omitted it  . next up, would be improving the screen coatings, followed by adding more resolution, and then improving the camera  . given the price tag, i don't have any massive complaints about it  . however, at the same time, while it does raise the bar for an entry-level phone, overall it still needs work  . last year, one of my favorite lower cost phones was blu's 5  . it targeted the 'i want a decent phone that's also fun' segment and came through in spades  . 0c runs android so if you were looking for something of the windows phone persuasion there was the blu win hd  . now it's been updated with the added goodness of lte, let's check it out:  . alcatel onetouch idol 3:  . if you can swing it, the idol 3 costs $50 usd more  . still, i suggest you double and triple check your sofa crack for any extra change  . the idol 3 is worth the extra dough  . unless you need dual sims or windows phone, the idol 3 one or two-ups the blu across the board  . the display, performance, storage capacity, camera, speakers are all better  . zte grand x plus:  . in canada, another competitor is the zte grand x+ which you can pick up on fido for $199  . the grand x+ has double the ram while the blu counters with a slightly larger battery, space for 2 sim cards and a newer snapdragon 410 soc (zte has a 400)  . however, for the money, the 635 is a pretty competent phone  . while it's cheap there's nothing inherently terrible about it  . it's just a well rounded package - just make sure you pick it up when it's on sale  . they go on sale for a wallet friendly $99 - $109 unlocked every now and then  . i really love how blu makes their phones available in crazy colours like neon yellow  . it's also great that they bundled a matching clear yellow tpu case and a screen protector  . unfortunately, i wasn't able to photograph the brushed metal look on the top and bottom of the front of the phone  . there's a soft touch finish on the removable back cover  . if you're planning on putting the blu in the back pocket of your jeans watch out, the dye in the denim will rub off onto the phone and is very difficult to remove so make sure you use the included case  . notice the interesting finish on the buttons  . while i wouldn't say the the blu looks cheap, aside from the terrific colour, it doesn't look terribly special either  . i upsets the design a little  . there's something funny about about the screen, when you scroll the screen slowly, it stutters  . the fact that windows phone requires a lot of scrolling up and down exacerbates this issue  . i'm not sure if it's a wonky digitizer or maybe a function of the poor oleophobic coating but the problem is really noticeable  . if you pick one up, for the love of god, don't put the included screen protector on, it makes the stuttering much worse  . i found this out the hard way, because before i started using the blu i thought i'd put the screen protector on  . if you do decide to use it, make sure your screen is very clean before once you put it it's very difficult to remove without causing bubbling  . this happens because the oleophobic coating on the screen is not very effective  . you won't be able to use tape to take it off to remove pieces of dust after the fact without having to lift it with your fingernail first and creating a spot where it won't stick  . this happened to me on the top right corner of the screen  . since the coating isn't up to snuff, cleaning the screen is not a trivial task  . you'll need to apply a lot of pressure when wiping it or you'll have to use a liquid cleaner  . as far as resolution goes, i've tested a couple of 5' android phones with hd (1280x720) displays and i've always said that they're plenty sharp  . most people won't notice that their 290ppi is just short of the 320ppi or so that you need for a really sharp display  . windows phone's skinny white text on a black background is really brutal for screens and makes the steps in the letter 'a' and 'v' more noticeable  . it looks fine straight on, but it loses a bit of light off-angle  . all in all though, aside from the lousy coatings, the blu offers a decent display for the money  . these days, it's very rare to find a phone with a bad on-screen keyboard  . the default ios/android/blackberry and windows phone keyboards are all excellent and it's been a long time since i've had any reason to complain  . however, while the default windows phone keyboard is awesome, for some reason it works horribly on the blu  . i think the source of this problem is the same as why the blu screen stutters when you scroll  . if you're a slow typist you probably won't notice it but if you're typing really quickly, half your key presses don't register  . it's bad enough that the normally very capable windows auto-correct can't work its magic with the blu  . it used to be that all windows phones came with a dedicated camera button  . it never occurred to me how important this feature was until models that lacked this started to hit the market  . on android and ios this isn't a big deal because both allow you to launch the camera quickly - even when the screen is locked  . this is really, really annoying and i suspect it may even be a deal breaker for some windows phone users who are used to this  . otherwise, it's relatively fast for a windows phone in terms of both launch time and capture speeds  . to be honest, i wasn't expecting much from the camera, blu's known for making colourful, affordable phones that don't take themselves too seriously, not for packing incredible cameras  . as it turns out, i was completely wrong  . while it doesn't compare with a flagship i was shocked by how capable the blu's camera is  . it can't freeze action indoors but if you hold it very still you'll get pretty decent results  . the software is smart too so it knows when to push the sensor and when it doesn't need to  . for example, when lighting is really bad it will max out the iso but since the sensor is decent, it doesn't always need to do this indoors  . noise is nicely controlled so that it balances colour, detail and grain  . i don't have the idol 3 around right now to compare with but the blu camera blows the motorola moto g 2nd gen's camera out of the water  . video quality looks good but there doesn't appear to be any image stabilization (digital or optical) so you have to hold the blu really, really still  . the microphone sounds alright but it picks up a lot of handling noise so again, you have to be really careful how you hold it  . the last few windows phones that i've tried were all nokia/microsoft lumia models, all of them came with nokia's exclusive extras like their pro camera along with a bunch of camera related apps, mix radio and a few others  . you might miss them if you're coming from a nokia windows phone and use them regularly  . it's worth mentioning that the blu is not able to download these apps from the microsoft store either  . still, the only really important apps that aren't pre-installed are here maps and here drive which you can download from the store  . otherwise, microsoft doesn't allow oem's much latitude when it comes to customizing the software on their windows phone so in that sense, the blu is just like any other windows phone  . this also means that the blu will receive timely updates microsoft when releases them  . i already mentioned this earlier but it's worth repeating  . the blu has a strange problem where it stutters when you scroll  . this makes for a really bad first impression  . since chrome isn't available for windows phone i'm stuck using internet explorer  . still, i'm a bit surprised at the blu's poor showing  . does it mean that it ships with a really slow browser? i didn't do side-by-side comparisons but i do find myself waiting more than i'm used to  . recently, i noticed that gfx bench, one of my favorite graphics benchmarks for ios and android is also available for windows phone  . for some reason the windows phone directx scores are drastically lower than the opengl scores on an android phone with similar hardware  . is this because directx for windows phone isn't as mature as opengl is on and android? possibly  . anyways, i hate to say it but windows phone isn't the greatest choice if you're a gamer  . sure, they have a few titles that integrate with the xbox but overall, you're better off on ios or android if you game a lot  . in general, it feels like gaming titles come to ios and android first  . the built-in speaker it has limited range and distorts when you turn it up  . it's one of the worst i have tried in recent years  . audio isn't terrible but it's not as clear and crisp as most other phones i've tried  . that said i think most will find the headphone jack to be adequate  . the speakerphone is pretty loud but it sounds over-driven so it sounds pretty annoying when you turn the volume up  . the earpiece is also pretty loud and fortunately, sounds much better than the speakerphone  . the 2500mah battery is well sized for the screen and soc and should last most users a day  . if you're looking for a fun windows phone that doesn't take itself too serious you should take a look at blu win hd lte  . the bright case is interesting and unique plus its display and camera are both surprisingly good  . if the bright colour isn't enough, the fact that it's only available at the microsoft store means there's a good chance you'll have something different  . that said, it has some significant drawbacks; the built-in speaker is mediocre at best and the display has some strange problems which cause it to stutter when you touch which also makes the keyboard difficult to use  . the blu faces some stiff competition both north and south of it's $199 usd/$229 can price tag  . if you're looking for a windows phone then the blu is well priced but if you're willing to consider an android competitor then there are better options  . the idol x line had beefier specs like full hd displays but no lte, plus they utilized mediatek soc's  . the idol s line used qualcomm soc and some include lte but they're less attractive on paper  . now we have the idol 3, which appears to consolidate the 2 lines  . looking down the spec sheet, you'll find many features from last year's flagships like the 5  . however, one thing that's decidedly un-flagship about the idol 3 is the price  . it occupies a part of the market that is currently not very crowded  . while there are bunch of less capable phones that cost less than $200 and many flagships that cost $500 and up, $250 is a pretty lonely place  . when i was trying to think of competitors, flagship alternatives like the oneplus one and nexus 5 cost a bit more than the idol 3 while budget stalwarts like the moto g 2nd gen and zte grand x plus are a bit cheaper  . i guess right now, the idol 3 is competing with the the used and refurbished market  . what about the alcatel oneplus idol x+  . off the top of my head, the only phone i can think of that costs similar money is it's predecessor, the idol x+  . this allows it to beat the idol 3 in certain benchmarks  . however, its graphics performance is weaker which makes the idol 3 a more balanced phone  . the idol 3 also has a much better camera and screen  . i'll be frank, aside from some benchmarks, the idol 3 is far better and balanced phone in every aspect  . i'm not sure if all idol 3's will come with the same packaging but mine came in a pretty cool box  . it's an interesting idea but it's kind of the answer to a question no one asked  . i guess you could argue that you don't need to think as hard when you pick up the idol but the thing is, the power button isn't in the 'correct' spot if you hold the idol upside down  . further, the camera isn't in the greatest spot when you hold it upside down so your fingers might be blocking it  . the transition from different orientations is pretty cool  . alcatel must have learned about making a fuss about a new feature but turning off by default from samsung  . to be honest, the symmetrical front isn't terribly interesting to look at either  . i love minimalist design as much as the next person but the idol is a bit bland looking - too much symmetry is boring - there's no tension in the design to help draw attention to any of the detailing  . still, the sides are quite intriguing  . for some reason, the power button is all the way on the left side near the top  . since the idol has a large-ish 5  . 5' screen this puts the power button way out of reach for right handers  . the buttons themselves aren't bad  . they stick out just enough so that they're easy to find and they have a good but not great tactile response  . the bezel is very narrow so using the idol with one hand is trickier than usual  . i don't usually mention sim card trays but the idol's is a really great idea; there's room for both the micro sim and a microsd  . the machined finish around the speaker holes is classy but i found they attracted a lot of dust which was hard to remove without a microfiber cloth  . if you look carefully at my pictures i wasn't able to get them completely clean  . if you use a generic charging stand, the microusb port is oriented towards the user like a samsung phone but it's offset to the side  . while the details look pretty convincing, when you touch the idol there's no doubt its made of plastic  . it's a well finished phone but you won't mistake it for a flagship because it's not terribly tactile  . that said, reasonably solid phone, there's very little flexing when you twist it  . with a pixel density of over 400ppi, it's plenty sharp  . keen readers will notice that these are the same specs you'll find on the iphone 6 plus and oneplus one  . straight on, the display looks great  . alcatel resisted the temptation to oversaturate it so colour is pleasant and looks reasonably accurate  . blacks are excellent for an lcd display  . off-angle the display is quite good - there's some brightness loss but contrast shift is minimal  . it's very bright and works well outdoors in direct sunlight  . the idol 3 just might have the best screen for any phone under $500  . i can't think of anything cheaper that has a better screen  . it's not just a nice screen for the money, it's a nice screen, period  . the back has a 13 megapixel camera with autofocus and a led flash  . that's not bad considering that the nexus 6 and oneplus one both cost more than the idol  . to be fair, no one buys the nexus 6 or oneplus one because they think they have awesome cameras but then again, the 6 and the one's are what i'd consider adequate  . the lens has a fairly wide angle - i'm guessing around 28mm with a somewhat slow aperture of f/2  . compared to the nexus 6 (i don't have a oneplus one handy), the idol lags by quite a bit  . the nexus 6 has a much faster f/2 lens and image stabilization so it's able to use lower iso values indoors which results in cleaner looking pictures  . this also makes the idol a bad choice if you're trying to stop motion like when you're chasing kids around  . then again, the nexus is pretty bad at that too  . the result is that the idol has to use high iso values, this results in noisy pictures  . however, it also uses really strong noise reduction algorithms  . the splotches also eliminate a lot of fine details from pictures  . this limits your flexibility because you can't really crop them without losing a lot of detail  . in addition, there is overly-aggressive digital image stabilization so things get fuzzy whenever the phone detects movement  . the microphone picks up very clean audio but it also captures a lot of handling noise  . given that the same imaging sensor is capable of serviceable photos in the oneplus one and nexus 6, i was expecting a little more from the idol's camera  . if anything, the idol is a bit of a reminder; having a decent sensor isn't enough, lens, stabilization and tuning play a large role in helping it reach its potential  . a good analogy is that of a car, there's more to it than just the engine  . what i didn't like is that the fixed focus lens can't focus on anything closer than 18' away  . it will give you out of focus images if you hold it close enough that your face fits in the frame  . otherwise, i got serviceable images from it though, i wish they put a lower resolution sensor that's more sensitive  . indoors, it uses relatively slow shutter speeds so you have to make sure you're holding it very still  . out of the box, the idol comes with android lollipop 5  . 1 now so i'm mildly disappointed that it didn't come with 5  . i like how you can double tap the screen to turn it on or off  . alcatel includes their own browser (what's wrong with chrome?), music player and image viewer along with the google mandated versions of those apps  . alcatel's android overlay blends in well with android l  . still, i'm a bit confused as to why there's only 11gb of storage available  . while it's definitely not stock, it doesn't feel particularly bloated either  . in case you're wondering, right now qualcomm has 3 classes of 64bit soc's on the market  . the idol has a snapdragon 615 which targets mid to upper-midrange phones with eight cortex a53 cores  . to me, all 3 soc's provide adequate performance for everyday tasks, the real difference between them lies in how well they're able to drive different display resolutions  . the 615 handles up to 1920x1080 while the 410 is best at 1280x720 or less  . in that sense, the 615 is well matched with the idol's 1920x1080 display  . the idol 3's predecessor, the idol x+, has a mediatek mt6589 soc which has eight 32bit arm cortex-a7 processors clocked at 2ghz  . i'm also going to compare it to the moto g 2nd gen (a bit cheaper) and the nexus 5 (getting hard to find and more expensive)  . i'd include the oneplus one but i don't have one lying around  . here's a comparison of how powerful the cores are in each phone:  . the top part are single core scores while the bottom half is how powerful all the cores together are  . benchmarks slots the idol between a snapdragon 800/801 and the 400/410:  . it does well in futuremark's peacekeeper browser benchmark running in chrome  . like i mentioned earlier, graphics is where the differences in their socs really shows up  . i didn't include the idol x+ because it won't run the manhattan benchmark because it has an older gpu that only supports older versions of opengl  . to accommodate the idol x+ i also included the on-screen t-rex benchmark  . here you can see the gap between the idol x+ and idol 3's gpu  . subjectively, most of the time the idol is very smooth but it occasionally stutters a little when you're switching tasks, more so than a snapdragon 800 series  . again, qualcomm has done a good job of differentiating their offerings  . whether they give it a name like htc's boomsound, sony's x-loud or they just install a kick-a$$ pair of front-facing speakers like the moto g2/x2/nexus 6 everyone's been upping their game  . with that in mind, the idol has a pair of front-facing stereo speakers  . i'll be honest, given the idol's price point, i was skeptical about how good they'd sound  . turns out my skepticism was completely misplaced  . they're one of the best pair available on any phone at any price point  . they're about as powerful as the nexus 6's  . they have good range too (for a phone)  . but overall, they're pretty damn impressive  . the headphone amp sounds just fine  . while it's not as powerful as some recent flagships, i thought they were more than adequate for my needs  . included with the alcatel music player is the ability to scratch your music using an on-screen record  . i'm not sure how often anyone is going to use this but i thought it was a fun feature  . while the idol has 16gb of storage, only around 10gb of it is available for use  . still, considering the idol's price tag and the fact that it ships with android l, this is perfectly acceptable  . incoming audio is clean  . there is support for lte bands 2/4/5/7/12/17 along with volte (voice over lte)  . you get a 2910mah battery which is well sized for a 5  . if that's not enough, i like how you can choose which programs are able to run in the background to save power  . all in all, the alcatel idol 3 acquits itself well even before you take the affordable price tag into account  . the screen, speakers and battery life are all top notch plus you get lte  . the idol 3 proves you don't need to break the bank or sign a contract to get a solid phone  . that said, not everything is perfect, the body and build aren't very inspiring, the camera needs a lot of work and the rf is slightly below average but the affordable price tag assuages these shortcomings  . the lumia 830 is marketed as an affordable flagship here in canada  . for around $400, you get a phone with a slick metal frame, a 10 megapixel camera with image stabilization, running windows phone 8  . off the top of my head, the first competitor that comes to mind is the google nexus 5  . the nexus 5 has a few key advantages: first off, it comes with a considerably more powerful snapdragon 800 display  . really, the big story here is that the nexus comes with double the ram, a faster processor and a higher resolution screen  . while i do like the 830's metal frame, removable battery and storage and think that the camera is marginally better, the 830 is a few classes behind in the processing power department  . if you can pick up both for about the same price, you should definitely consider the nexus unless you absolutely, positively must have a windows phone  . what about the zte grand x plus  . a more intriguing comparison would be how well the 830 handles itself against a low cost android competitor like the zte grand x plus  . you get a slick metal frame with the 830 along with a higher-resolution image stabilized lens  . while i think that the 830 has a slightly better display and camera, the difference isn't large enough to justify the price difference  . you can pick up a gxp for $200 locked on fido which is just a phenomenal deal  . the nokia canada site states that the lumia 830 supports lte bands 1, 3, 7, 8 and 20  . i have serious doubts that this is aside from a few phones from rogers, most lte phone sold in canada support at least band 4  . also, on telus, they only have lte on bands 4 and 2 right now  . one thing that does scream flagship is the body, specifically, the edges  . it's a square metal frame with slightly rounded edges to make it comfortable to hold  . it's much nicer than the exaggerated hard metal chamfered edges on the samsung galaxy alpha/note 4  . the cover fits just fine but gap it leaves is a little bigger than i'd like to see  . i wish the buttons stuck out a little more plus they could be a tiny bit stiffer  . unlike the 635, its less expensive brother, the 830 uses separate menu buttons instead of on-screen ones  . i just love the way connectors look on the metal body  . minimalism at it's best  . in terms of sharpness, i'd say it's reasonably sharp - you'd rarely notice any jaggedness which is important because windows phone uses skinny fonts which are really tough on displays that don't have enough ppi  . colour is decent  . overall, while it's not as sharp as a true 300+ ppi flagship, in terms of colour and view angles, it's a step up from a budget 5' hd display like you'd find on a zte grand x plus or a motorola moto e 2nd gen  . if you're thinking of lumia 830 or 635 i need to point out that the 635 lacks this feature  . noise reduction and sharpening are like 2 sides of a coin; sharpening things too much emphasizes noise while removing too much noise can make images looks soft  . i had a bit of trouble making up my mind about the 830's image quality  . it looks like the camera processing philosophy on the 830 is a bit different from the other phones on the market  . most phones tend to favour heavier handed noise reduction - that's why most look kind of splotch when you look up close  . the 830 is different - instead of trying to get rid of as much noise as possible, it favours sharpening things up instead  . this results in more visible noise  . the 830 isn't afraid to use slow shutter speeds - this can result in better, cleaner looking pictures but the problem is that it usually just result in blurry pictures because i just can't hold the 830 still enough  . it also means that the 830 is horrible for capturing anything with movement  . i don't know about you but i use my camera to chase my kids around and those few seconds feel like forever  . the thing is, when i take pictures i usually want it to happen as quickly as possible and the 830 just doesn't do a good job when you use it like this  . it's too bad, lumias have sort of built a name for themselves with their camera chops but my experience is that they're all way too slow for me to get any keepers  . i guess the 830 is better if all your doing is taking pictures of food and other static subjects  . while microsoft claims that the windows phone store has 100,000's of apps, chances are you won't find anything useful while the rest of the stuff hasn't been updated in a few years  . yeah, the most popular apps are there but if you want to do a bit of exploring you might get frustrated  . otherwise, the lumia 830 is just like any windows phone but it has some nokia extras  . what's funny about that is that with the exception of some lesser known windows phones from the microsoft store, most windows phone sold here are from nokia  . lots of choice is good but when you turn the 830 on, you get the feeling that every single extra gets it's own icon in the menu  . lumia cinemagraph, lumia creative studio, lumia refocus, lumia selfie, lumia storyteller, do you really need a separate icon for each one? then there's here drive+, here maps, here transit, is it really necessarily to split a mapping program into 3  . i also don't test a lot of windows phone so i'm the first to admit i don't have a lot to compare against aside from an old lumia 920 i have lying around  . there also aren't a lot of cross-platform benchmarking programs available for it  . while it seldom feels fast, it can usually handle whatever you throw at it so it's adequate  . the only time it feels slow is when you're launching the nokia camera app and using it to take pictures  . compared to the 920, even though the 830 only has half the ram, it does feel noticeably more spry so it'll definitely feel like an upgrade  . the rear-facing speaker is pretty loud but it sounds horrible - maybe that's why the dolby logo was left off the phone  . aside from a tiny bit of hiss and the fact that its not as brutally loud as some recent phones, the headphone jack sounds fine  . 5gb is available to use  . if that's not enough you can toss a microsd in  . incoming sound quality is very good but there's a tiny bit of hiss  . the built-in speaker phone isn't powerful plus it has a lot of hiss  . in the end, while i do like the $400 lumia 830's screen and the metal frame, it doesn't do much else to stand out in a sea full of android based competitors  . really, the point of the lumia 830 is that it's a nice phone for carriers to offer on a 'lite' type of plan where the subsidy isn't as high  . the problem is that you can choose from phones like the nexus 5, or if you're looking to purchase outright, something like a oneplus one  . however, the biggest problem is that for less, you can purchase a zte grand x plus  . when you think of phones, each manufacturer has carefully created a set of expectations that customers like us can look forward to in their devices  . 2 years ago, when the industry trend was to move away from memory cards, samsung stood firm and had one of the only flagships that still included this useful feature  . those have been traded in for an elegant glass and metal body  . pictures don't do it justice, it's quite striking in person  . the gs6 edge is really cool in person but if you're a power user you'll probably prefer the flat version  . while it has decent palm rejection software, it doesn't always work  . yes, the edge comes with a little bit of extra functionality but if you ask me, the functionality falls in the gimmick category - the only reason why you should get the edge is because you think the curved sides are cool  . kudos to samsung for making 32gb the lowest configuration  . it's much more generous and usable than the stingy 16gb you get with the most basic iphone 6 and 6 plus configurations  . since the gs6 doesn't come with a microsd slot, you can't get out of buying a fancier configuration if you want more space down the road  . it's hard to put a price on extra storage  . granted, built-in storage tends to be higher quality and faster but for most, once you go past a certain amount, you're probably just using it to store stuff that doesn't require huge amounts of speed  . still, 32gb is enough to hold 1000's of photos, a bunch of videos and 100's of apps  . it should be enough for almost everyone  . the 64 and 128gb configurations are probably more for users who want to actually store videos from their computer on the phone, those who want to use the gs6 has a very expensive flash drive or those who want to futureproof and think that coming versions of touchwiz will consume 30gb+  . remember, 32gb gives you enough breathing room that you probably won't have to rely on the drive constantly  . along with the edge variant, the s6 brings more than one storage configuration which approach and breach the psychological $1000 barrier  . the worst thing about the galaxy s5 is that it only comes with 16gb of storage  . sure, you can add microsd cards but out of the box, you're almost at single digits of free space  . considering that flagships are all about not making compromises, the stingy amount of storage is a pretty horrible compromise  . first off, as i've already mentioned, you lose the microsd slot which was previously one of samsung's signature features  . pretty much everyone from lg (the optimus g), to sony (xperia s), motorola (moto x) to htc (htc one m7) have all experimented with losing the microsd but until now, not samsung  . while not everyone feels the need to pop in a microsd, it's nice to have that option  . the removable battery was a great feature if you kept your phone for a few years (battery life usually starts to shorten after 2 years) or if you plan on handing the phone to a family member or a friend after you're done with it  . to make matters worse, the gs6 doesn't have any screws on the exterior so swapping out the battery will not be a trivial matter  . the battery is almost 10% smaller than the gs6 so it's probably going to see more cycles (wear out faster) than the gs5 one  . you also lose the gs5's water resistance  . with the exception of sony, water resistance is not very common feature but losing this feature is losing something that gives users peace-of-mind  . still, losing this feature also means that you won't have to deal with the gs5's annoying usb port cover  . while the gs6 screen pixel count has almost doubled, it doesn't really look any sharper than the gs5  . the only difference is that blocks of solid colour on the gs6 screen looks\ slightly cleaner because the graininess from the pentile arrangement are less noticeable  . one thing that is improved is the colour which has been reigned in a little so it's even more natural looking  . however, the screen has gotten worse because it turns blue when you view it off-angle  . one more minus with the gs6 is that it runs hot  . i'm not sure if it's the pre-production unit i'm using or what but it always get noticeably warm after i use it for a minute  . both front and rear cameras are noticeable better, you get more ram, about 25% more performance, the speaker is more powerful and sounds better, but the best thing about the gs6 is its glass and metal body  . if you're someone who likes how samsungs have always come with a removable battery and memory card, then you'll want to stick with the note 4 and the edge  . while their screens aren't exactly the same, it's hard to pick one over the other  . the note 4 looks like it has purer whites, but i noticed it also has some banding in the yellow area of the screen mode page - it's very minor so i'm not sure if you can really see it  . both have a powerful built-in speaker but the gs6's sounds much better  . the gs6 has a newer, more powerful soc  . both have fingerprint readers but the gs6's is much easier to use  . if you can handle the larger size, i'd say removable battery and memory card make the note 4 smarter choice - especially if you want to add storage down the road  . if you plan on buying lots of accessories, then the iphone is unmatched in this regard  . still, out of all the non-iphone devices out there, the gs6 will be the next best choice  . then there's the app question, both android and ios have lots of apps and both will probably have all the popular ones  . some may disagree but i usually prefer the ios app store to google play when it comes to gaming  . i also find that you can buy more ios games, in case you're allergic to freemium type games or ads  . of course, if don't have a buck or two to spare and are allergic to paying for apps, than android is probably a better choice  . it's generally easier to do deep customizations to android phones  . the gs6 is probably going to be very popular so there will probably be many custom roms for it  . with ios, you need to make sure you can jailbreak and if you want to stay jailbroken, you need to keep on top of the scene  . do you like android's widgets, home screens and app drawers or do you like apple's flatter interface?   . if that's the only thing that matters to you, you might find the gs6 edge's curved screen interesting  . out of all 4 phones, the gs6 has the sharpest screen though i think the 6 plus has the cleanest looking display  . at 326ppi, the iphone 6 is still very sharp, but you can see it's individual pixels clearly if you look closely  . colour is a really personal thing - i'll just say that all 4 are fairly natural looking so you can't go wrong with any of them  . all 4 phones lack a removable battery and storage  . however, if you have to change the iphone's batteries it's important to point out that it's relatively easy because there are screws on the bottom of the phones which makes opening them easier  . the gs6 has no screws so it's probably glued together and will probably be difficult to open  . their sensors are noticeably less sensitive than the iphone's so indoors, the iphone's pictures tend to be cleaner looking  . i prefer the iphone's cameras and tend to get more keepers with them  . that being said, i love how fast the gs6's can launch their cameras  . it's only a fraction of a second faster than the iphone's but when you have kids, those fractions of a second can make all the difference  . you'll notice this when you're shooting static objects or video  . this way, they can use the extra pixels on the edges to help stabilize video further  . both approaches have their merit - there are times i wish the the iphones didn't zoom in and there are times i wish the gs6 was a little tighter  . then again, the iphones can record at 240 frames per second plus their sensors are sensitive enough to actually pull this off  . one area where the gs6 clearly wins is the built-in speaker  . it's much louder than either iphone and sounds just as good as the 6 plus' which in term makes it better than the 6  . despite the smaller battery, i'd say battery life on the 6 is similar to the gs6  . some may find it alarming and may not appreciate the sweaty palms it might cause in the summer  . i do like how the gs6 base model comes with a generous 32gb of storage  . the iphone's base models come with a really stingy, heck i'd say irresponsible, 16gb of storage  . all in all, you can't go wrong with either of them  . in past galaxy s reviews, this is the part where i tell you about how the cheesy plastics samsung used to make make their latest flagship do a decent job of not looking like plastic  . my recent galaxy s reviews usually had a paragraph where i'd inadvertently become a samsung apologist for their decision to use plastic instead of metal  . with that in mind, i'm happy to say that the first thing you'll notice about the gs6 is its aluminum frame and the glass back  . some metal phones like the note 4 and last year's sony xperia z1 also had metal frames but they had hard edges which emphasize the fact that they're not plastic but also make them uncomfortable to hold  . the frame is unmistakably metal yet at the same time, it is sculpted such that it's comfortable to hold  . there's a very small chamfered edge where the metal frame transitions to glass on the front to the back  . the glass has a very gentle curve so that it appears to go underneath the frame  . the execution is just fantastic  . one thing i didn't expect is that the gs6 runs pretty hot and that it heats up very quickly  . it can go from normal to hot in less than a minute  . is this because samsung underestimated how much heat a 64 bit, octa-core soc would put out? or is the metal frame just very efficient at cooling the processor  . i did do a bit of stress testing and found that even though the gs6 can get worrisomely hot, i didn't notice any throttling the speed of the soc due to heat  . in my hand, the gs6 curved edges make it feel quite a bit smaller than the gs5 - more so than the dimensions say  . if you opt for the gs6 edge, then the curved sides make it feel dramatically smaller  . i love how the glass on the back has a slick satin effect when you look at it from an angle  . it adds a bit of flare to the design without making it gaudy  . samsung has ditched the removable back cover which allows it to be slightly thinner than the gs5  . behind the back is support for both qi and pma charging standards  . speaking of charging, if you opt for a regular usb charger, the gs6 supports charge rates of up to 14  . this is a bit faster than the competition which usually top out 10 to 12 watts  . good riddance to the gs5's cheap, mushy buttons  . all of the gs6's buttons have been upgraded so that they have a nice click when you press them  . after using the gs6, you'll swear that the gs5's buttons are broken  . it works well most of the time and is just as easy and intuitive to use as apple's fingerprint reader  . i like how it unlocks the gs6 faster than the reader on the iphone 6 does  . most people won't encounter this problem but what happened to me was i was double carrying the gs6 in my pocket with an iphone 6 plus  . by default, the gs6 has a fairly bright colour scheme and a super bright, power-sucking super amoled screen  . this combination along with the constant button pressing had a devastating effect on the gs6's battery life  . while the build quality is top-notch, i couldn't help but notice that like the htc one m7 and m8, the gs6 has no screws on the exterior  . does this mean that the gs6's is glued together and that the battery is virtually impossible to replace like the htc one's or microsoft surface pro or is it just difficult  . pry the sides loose  . just in case you're not aware, removing the gs5 battery goes something like this:  . another thing to consider is that unlike the gs5, the gs6 isn't dust and water resistant  . you could argue that most users are careful enough that their gs5 has never even gotten wet but the water resistance is more about piece of mind  . if your phone ever does have an accident and gets wet it has a higher chance of survival  . i'm not shattered that the gs6 loses the water resistance but i am mildly disappointed  . on the bright side, you also don't have to deal with the gs5's annoying usb port cover anymore  . the screen resolution has had a substantial bump from 1920x1080 to 2560x1440  . while the resolution on the gs6 is much higher, after spending a lot of time with the gs6 i can safely say that there's no difference in sharpness unless you look really, really closely and are extremely nearsighted like me  . text looks identical on both even when they're so small that they're barely legible like results page after you run the sunspider benchmark using chrome  . here the text is so small i can't read it unless i'm standing still and even then, there's no difference is sharpness  . it's easy to get caught up in numbers the what gets lost is that the gs5 already has an extremely high ppi display  . the difference is so small, i have to wonder whether it's worth the graphics performance and battery life hit, having such a high resolution screen brings  . in a way, ppi is analogous to megapixels or horsepower, it's important to have enough as opposed to having as much as possible  . don't forget that the gs6 runs hot and has a smaller battery than the gs5 so the price to paid may be higher than we realize  . while some amoled displays are criticized for being over-saturated, the gs5 wasn't too bad in this regard  . that said, samsung has reigned in the gs6 even more so that it's even more natural looking and isn't annoying to look at  . the reds have been pulled in a little more and whites are cleaner looking  . the only area where the screen is worse than the gs5 is that it turns blue at moderate angles like the note 4 does  . to me, it's dramatic and just shouldn't happen on such an expensive device - especially since the gs5 doesn't do this  . i don't want to bend my neck too much while at the same time, i don't want to hold my phone right in front of me  . call me crazy but my phones are usually at a 15 or 20 degree angle from my line of sight  . overall, the gs6 screen has more pleasing colour than the gs5 but it introduces noticeable off-angle colour shift so all in all, it's just a mild upgrade - resolution isn't the end all be all of screen performance  . thankfully, samsung has resisted the temptation to increase the pixel count so the camera still only has 16 megapixels  . more megapixels are great for marketing but as many consumers realize, packing extra pixels into the same space usually results in noisier pictures, reduced dynamic range and generally speaking, worse looking pictures  . the best thing about the camera isn't the camera itself but the fact that you can now launch it by double pressing the home button  . previously, double pressing the home button would launch s-voice which i don't think anyone actually used so this is a much better use of this function  . it gets better, most of the time the camera launches extremely fast - noticeably faster than the gs5 and the iphone 6  . this is awesome if you're like me and use your camera mostly to chase your kids around  . the optical image stabilization, slightly bigger (f/1  . since you can't turn the ois off it's hard to compare, but it looks like the gs6 sensor is also slightly more advanced  . shadows are a bit cleaner with more detail:  . colour is nice and accurate - no complaints here  . the gs6 is very well behaved in this regard  . i suspect it also snaps multiple exposures  . it's a good compromise  . if you take a lot of close-ups, the gs6 has an outstanding macro mode able to focus on an area approximate 68 x 36mm  . i tested these areas by hand so i might be off by a few mm and keep in mind that the gs6 captures a wider 16:9 aspect ratio so even though the horizontal measurement is only off by 7mm, vertically the difference is close to 20mm so it's a big difference  . at 5 megapixels, the front-facing camera has received a big bump in resolution from the gs5's 2  . asides from the resolution, the new sensor and lens are a big improvement  . it's noticeably more sensitive and cleaner  . that said, while the sensor can record 5 megapixels of information, the effective resolution (the actual detail captured) is no where near 5  . since selfies are all the rage now, having a camera which reveals every blemish on your face isn't  . so, the gs6 will always try to smooth things out which results in weird looking images (and happy owners)  . this feature has one big caveat - while you can now fit more friends in your selfies, it also has a tendency to stretch things out on the sides if you hold it close  . video quality is very good  . the optical image stabilization is really useful if you shoot 4k since it disables the digital stabilization  . i don't have a way to test the effectiveness of ois but my feeling is that it's more effective than the stabilizer on the iphone 6 plus though this probably just an effect of the gs6's much wider angle when capturing video  . the microphone is excellent  . it sounds great and doesn't pick up any handling noise  . instead there's now an auto mode and pro mode (along with selective focus, panorama, slow motion video, fast motion video and virtual shot)  . the selective focus only works if the subject you want to be in focus is fairly close  . you can download other camera modes - this feature is also available for older samsung phones  . overall, i'm happy with the camera app though i wish it would remember that i was using pro mode last rather than always starting up in auto mode  . i also wish there was a way to disable the night mode  . sometimes i don't want my shadows to be dark  . it used to be that samsung's touchwiz software gave them an advantage over the competition  . back then android was really raw and lacked a lot of polish  . however, that was 5 or 6 years ago and since then, android has slowly matured to the point that it doesn't need heavy customization  . i have one very gripe that annoys me to no end  . it used to be that one of my favorite touchwiz features was that you could scroll through when you were moving between pages of apps  . i like how stock android now lets you pull down once to see your notifications and twice to see your switches (or you can pull down with two fingers)  . the gs6 still insists on showing your switches and keeping them at the top so they eat up about 25% of the screen space  . then again, i love how the notification area disappears when you adjust the brightness  . i like how you can press backspace on the keyboard to un-autocorrect what the phone thinks is a typo  . now their they spend a lot more time talking about how well their phones play with business  . i'm no expert in this regard so i'll just leave it at that  . while it's compatible with nfc payment systems like the competition, you can also use it on magnetic swipers  . overall, while it's not perfect, touchwiz doesn't feel as top heavy as it used to be  . 4gb of free space, the gs6 isn't too bad an offender  . here's a random sample of how much space you get with some other 32gb phones i have lying around:  . the rumor is that the snapdragon 810 had some heat issue so samsung opted for their own soc instead  . if the rumor is true, then part of the fault may lie with the gs6's design  . even with their own soc, the gs6 can get pretty hot  . while that's not hot enough to burn, it can be alarming  . i guess the gs6 would have been handy this past winter  . the gs6 does really well in the peacekeeper, besting all android phones i've tested by a comfortable margin and approaching the iphone 6  . it also does well in graphics benchmarks, it's able to edge out the note 4 by quite a bit  . and here's the antutu score if you just want to compare a single meaningless number  . now if you know me, you'll know that i hate benchmarks because they don't really tell us anything useful  . the way i see it, i want a fast device so that i don't have to wait as much  . for me, i want a phone to launch my camera as fast as possible and in the case of the gs6, it's able to launch the camera super fast  . i'm talking noticeably faster than an iphone 6 and it's predecessor, the gs5  . previous samsung phones like the gs5 and note 4's have powerful built-in speakers that don't sound very good  . the gs6 has a single, really powerful speaker that may be the loudest i have ever tested  . sound quality is an improvement too though it overdrives the treble a little - in that sense the moto x and htc one m8 sound a little better  . i guess that's usually the compromise, do you want extra volume or do you want to trade it for better sound quality  . the headphone amp is pretty awesome  . by default it sounds incredible  . bass is strong without sounding bloated with clear highs  . i don't have a htc one m8 around to compare but the gs5 amp may be even more powerful  . it's so ear-burstingly loud that it can overdrive many headphones easily so take it easy with the volume  . there's a 'sound alive' feature which allows you to destroy sound quality by adjusting an equalizer or by adding horrible effects like 3d or a tube amp feature  . one great thing about galaxy s' is that they always came with a microsd card slot  . even when the industry trend was to ditch the microsd card samsung still stuck with this awesome feature  . unfortunately, the galaxy s6 breaks this tradition by ditching the microsd  . still, the base gs6 comes with 32gb of storage which is by no means, skimpy  . you do get faster built-in storage on the gs6 but that's more to benefit performance (programs load faster) rather than multimedia which doesn't typically require insanely fast speeds  . if you like copy a lot of multimedia to and from the gs6, you're probably disappointed that the gs6 downgrades the gs5's usb 3  . don't worry though, while not slow, the gs5's 3  . 0 port was no faster than a good 2  . so while the physical connector is a downgrade, you don't lose any performance at all  . incoming sound quality is very clean  . the noise reduction on the gs6's incoming is very effective  . both also have a volume boost feature which is very useful if you're in a noisy environment  . rf performance is excellent  . the original had a 1500mah battery, next came a 1650mah in the ii, and then 2100mah, 2600mah while the 5 got a fairly large 2800mah battery  . so, it's very puzzling that the gs6/gs6 edge bucks this trend  . don't forget that while the gs6 has many power saving features, it has a larger, and brighter screen  . while the gs6 will last most users the day, people who were hoping that the gs6 would come with a battery that seems to last forever, like the oneplus one, will be disappointed  . i've seen gs6 advertising talking about how quickly it charges but to be honest, it almost feels like an apology for downsizing the battery  . i already mentioned this earlier, but it's worth repeating  . the gs6's battery is smaller and not removable - that means the battery is going to see more charging cycles than a larger one  . so, what happens when the gs6's battery wears out and needs replacing? the gs6 doesn't have any visible screws on the outside (or in the sim card holder slot) so i'm guessing that opening it is going to be quite an ordeal  . like the note edge, the gs6 and gs6 edge both support the carrier aggregation (ca) and rogers and bell (telus doesn't have this feature at this time) are using  . while you could point out that no one really needs such high speeds, i'm guessing that marketing aside, ca could be useful if you're experiencing low speeds on both lte bands  . i did notice one problem with ca  . right now, ca only works on the downlink (it doesn't combine upload speeds) and indeed, it appears that that the gs6 won't support ca on the uplink even if rogers and bell add that to their networks  . the problem is that on rogers, the uplink on their band 7 is quite a bit faster than on band 4  . so, if you're uploading something large (like a bunch of photos or videos), you'll actually get slower speeds with ca  . is it carrier aggregation or carrier aggravation  . another big change is the price, the top spec gs6 edge commands a 50% price premium over the gs5  . don't forget that you now get a slick metal and glass body  . secondly, after several years of being around par, the us dollar has appreciated dramatically in a short period of time  . after hovering around par for a few years, the canadian dollar is now worth 25% less  . last year, it was perfectly acceptable to price a $700 usd phone at $700 can even though after conversion, it $700 usd is actually $735 cdn  . now, a $700 usd phone is worth $875 cdn so something has got to give  . generally speaking, whether you love or hate apple, their products usually indicate the maximum a company can charge for that type of product  . do you want to get sued  . you know what's funny? when samsung introduced the original galaxy s, it was criticized by many for being a copy of the iphone  . since then samsung has refined their galaxy s line and given it its own identity  . however, the galaxy s6, moves back in the direction of the iphone and embraces some of the iphone's strengths (metal body) and weaknesses (built-in battery, no memory card, different storage points, higher price)  . heck, the other day i woke up and was confused for a split second when i saw the bottom of the gs6 - it really reminds me of an iphone 6 with the speaker holes of a 5s  . no doubt about it, the most important upgrade that the gs6 brings to the table is its wonderful glass and metal body  . however, the price to pay for the new body is high; the gs6 lacks the removable battery and storage that the galaxy s line was previously known for plus it loses it's predecessor's water resistance along with the piece of mind that it brings  . however, the gs6 brings some other improvements including a powerful speaker that finally sounds good  . the processor is quite a bit more powerful though some of that is wasted on driving the much higher resolution screen which doesn't look any sharper  . 3gb of ram is an incremental upgrade - i doubt most users will notice it over 2gb but it does add some piece of mind from a future-proofing perspective  . having support for both wireless charging standards is another nice extra but you still have to go out and pick up a wireless charger if you want to use this  . then again, telus and rogers are giving away wireless chargers if you pre-order and upgrade to one of their newer over-priced plans  . in the end, the gs6 is a great phone and a worthy upgrade to the gs5  . before it came out, all the brand name phones at its price point where not very good  . the moto g was really one of the first affordable phones that didn't make any serious compromises  . with an even more budget friendly price tag, many hoped it would bring the cost of getting a decent phone down even more  . however, when it launched it was clear it had some serious compromises  . 3' screen was too small and cramped, it came with very little storage (4gb) and while it had plenty of megapixels, the camera was terrible  . now motorola has a new moto e that addresses most of the original's shortcomings plus it comes with an unexpected extra - lte support  . it's also available in the us unlocked for $120 for the hspa version and $150 for the lte  . boost and sprint have a locked version for $100  . just to clean the air, i'm comparing the moto e 2nd gen with the original moto g variant which supports hspa with 8gb of built-in storage and no memory card slot  . 5' display is a bit small and most people will tend to hold it a little closer so the sharpness or lack there of is easier to see  . both also use on-screen menu buttons so the usable screen area is a little bit smaller than 4  . the moto e2 hides this weakness by making text a bigger than it is on the moto g by default  . in case you're wondering, the only moto g i have lying around is an xt1040 variant with lte which is standing in for the original g  . as of right now lollipop isn't available for it yet  . however, the adreno 306 in the e2 is actually slower than the 305 in the moto g  . when you boil things down, the moto g has the screen advantage while the e2 gets points for having a microsd slot, lte, a faster soc, a bigger battery, a better sounding and a front-facing speaker  . you'd think the e2 takes it but guess what, when you use your phone you're usually staring at the screen so choosing between the 2 is very difficult  . what about the zte grand x plus  . to me, i reckon the e2's biggest competitor right now in canada isn't the moto g1 but actually the zte grand x plus on fido  . unless you're budget is so strict that you can't spend a penny more than $150, you should really consider forking out another $50 and getting a gxp  . the only areas where the e2 beats the gxp are that it has better battery life and a slightly faster processor  . the gxp biggest win is that it comes with a 5' 1280x720 display which really makes it a much nicer phone to use  . digging deeper, the 2gb of ram vs 1gb makes the gxp a better multi-tasker plus its camera is better  . unless you're getting an obscenely good deal on the first gen moto e, there's no reason to get one over an e2  . 3' screen is too small, it doesn't come with enough built-in storage and the camera is awful  . the moto g2 is a really nice phone but in canada it's currently $250 unlocked which is considerably more than the e2  . the lumia 635 is especially tempting since they go on sale for $99 unlocked  . otherwise, while the desire and nokia are not bad phones, they come with lower resolution 854 x 480 displays which aren't as sharp as the e2's  . in my hand, the e2 is a little thicker than i'm used to but it does make it feel substantial  . the back is covered with a soft-touch finish that really attract a lot of dust  . i like how they're ribbed, it makes it a pleasure to grip  . removing the edges reveals the microsd and microsim slots along the right side  . this makes the e2 feel much more solid though you can't easily swap out the battery  . the volume and power buttons on the right have an excellent feel to them  . headphone jack on top  . at 245 ppi it's not tack sharp - you'll definitely notice some jaggedness from time to time  . that said, it's usually good enough to get the job done  . as you move off-angle, the display goes dark at around 30 degrees off-angle  . it's quite annoying  . otherwise, it's an adequate display  . it's not super bright but it should be bright enough to use outdoors  . colour is pleasant  . my problem with the display is that it's only 4  . since the e2 tries to cover up the lower ppi by making text larger, it really makes the screen feel cramped  . i think this is the e2's biggest weakness as a lot of the competition are now packing 5' and it really makes a big difference  . while the resolution is unchanged, the rear-facing camera is a huge improvement over the first gen e  . the original e camera was so horrible it was basically unusable  . the fact that it didn't have autofocus was the least of its problems  . the e2's camera has autofocus and it works fairly quickly and has very good shot-to-shot speeds  . it's a little on the noisy side and sometimes could use a little more dynamic range (blows out sometimes) but all-in-all, you'll get the occasional keeper from it so it's a huge step up  . it can capture hd video but watch out, while the microphone sounds fine, it picks up a lot of handling noise  . 2 lollipop - this is great since most competitors are still on 4  . motorola doesn't mess around with android so the e2 is mostly stock android  . i'm not sure how useful this is since my phone is usually in my pocket when i'm not using it plus it tends to light the screen up at night  . it can launch the camera automatically if you hold the e2 and make a twisting motion like you were turning a door knob  . this works even when the screen is off  . one of my favorite lollipop features; the notification area flashlight shortcut, is missing from the e2 because it doesn't have a flash to double as a flashlight  . the 410 brings around 25% faster browsing performance than the 400 which is a nice improvement:  . however, the 410's gpu, the adreno 306 is actually slightly slower than the adreno 305 found in the 400  . compared to the moto g, the second e2's speaker sounds like it has been tuned more  . as such; while it sounds better, it's not quite as loud  . the fact that it's now front-facing is a welcome improvement over the original e  . the headphone jack is extremely powerful with good sound quality  . seems almost every phone i try these days has an excellent headphone amp  . you get 8gb of storage which is much more useful than the original's 4gb  . so, the s6's display is nearly 30% larger but the battery is less than 7% bigger  . don't forget that the s6 has a super bright, power sucking amoled display while the e2 has a more pedestrian display that has average brightness  . with a battery that's large for its screen size the e has excellent battery life  . pretty much every one will make it through the day  . rf performance is very good  . the speakerphone isn't very powerful plus it has this annoying tendency to take a second or 2 to actually activate when turn it on  . when i turn the speakerphone i usually end up turning it off right away because the lag makes me think it didn't get turned on  . sound quality is nice and smooth  . you also get support for lte  . you'd think a budget phone like the e would get very basic lte support but according to the motorola webpage it supports bands 2, 4, 5, 7, 12 and 17  . that's pretty comprehensive and remember, 2, 4, 7, 12 and 17 are all used here in north america  . it includes lte cat 4 support so you can get speeds of up to 150mbps (up to 112  . when motorola released the original e last year it was their attempt to make an affordable phone for the lowest possible price  . for the price, the new moto e is tough to beat  . the fact you get lte with a snapdragon 410 soc, 1gb ram and 8gb of storage in a phone for only $150 makes it a positive steal  . more importantly, it fixes a lot of the original e's show-stopping weaknesses  . it's only real weakness is that it comes with a smallish 4  . i guess people who find 5' phones too big will disagree but these days, android phones with screens smaller than 5' just feel really cramped  . if you're in canada and thinking about picking up the moto e2 there is another problem - for only 50 bucks more you can swing a zte grand x plus  . pretty much everything on the zte is a big step up from the e: you get 2gb ram (double the e's 1gb and the same amount as many 2014 flagships), a decent 8 megapixel that has a flash and most importantly, a 5' high definition display  . either way, one thing's for sure, you don't have to spend a lot of money to get a great phone  . it stands for freedom from manufacturer crapware  . they also receive android updates the moment google releases them, and not 6 months later if ever like other android phones  . most importantly, a nexus phone meant you were getting a great phone at a great price  . like previous nexus (nexuses? nexii?), the 6 lacks manufacturer crapware, it has an easily unlocked boot loader and it receives timely updates  . however, the nexus 6 is $750 which makes it the most expensive nexus ever  . is it still a great deal  . each colour is available with 32 or 64gb of storage  . don't forget, you get 6 months of unlimited music from google play if you order a nexus 6 from google before december 31st  . in canada, the 32gb is available direct from google play for $749  . the 64gb is not yet available but will be $799 when it is  . i'll be honest, discussing the pros and cons of the nexus 6 vs the note 4 is pointless  . the nexus 6 has one fatal flaw which makes it so i can't recommend it to anyone  . here's what funny, if the nexus 6 was priced similarly to the nexus 5 (around $400 unlocked), i would absolutely say you can overlook the brightness  . but since the 6 has a no-compromises $700+ can price tag, it's a disgrace  . it's about as bright as a samsung galaxy s iii or a note ii  . while i still think they're nice phones, they're also 2 generations old and substantially cheaper  . if you can look past the brightness (and i don't suggest you do), the nexus 6 compares well with the note 4  . the 6's screen doesn't turn blue like the note 4 does off angle  . indoors, the 6 display is actually quite nice  . while the 6 has a larger display, it's not as bright  . this is good for battery life  . while the nexus 6 will receive updates faster and more frequently than the note 4, it remains to be seen what version of android each device will be on when they stop receiving updates  . the note 4 does have a few extras like a microsd and removable battery  . if you find those features useful, then they're a big plus  . even though the 6's speakers sound better, they're not as loud if you're using them to make a speakerphone call  . i'd say the note 4's camera is a bit better but the nexus' isn't too bad  . both also have fast charging  . between the 2, i'd pick the note 4 mostly because it's a more balanced device  . also from a branding perspective, i'd be hesitant to drop so much money on a nexus device  . after all, the opo has a smaller, lower resolution display, an older processor, no image stabilization and inferior speakers  . while the opo screen is smaller than the nexus 6, it's brighter and thus more usable  . even though the resolution is lower than the 6, most people aren't going to notice the difference because the pixel density on the opo is so high that the 6's extra pixels don't make it appear any sharper because of diminishing returns  . as for the older processor, the nexus' extra performance is wasted on the extra resolution which isn't really noticeable so both have similar performance  . in fact, the opo has stunning performance with many users getting 2 days of heavy usage out of it whereas the nexus battery will make it through a long day but nothing more  . like the nexus, the opo takes custom roms just fine, it comes with no carrier crapware, is unlocked and receives updates quickly  . the thing is, since the nexus 6 costs twice as much as the opo, the opo has actually become a spiritual successor of sorts to the nexus 5  . if a nexus device used to stand for a great deal, then the oneplus one out nexuses the nexus 6 in this regard  . i'll be honest, there's no reason to buy a nexus 6 unless you want the awesome front-facing speakers or you can't get your hands on a oneplus one  . aside from the fact that the screen works better in direct sunlight and the smaller screen makes the nexus 5 easier to handle, everything about the nexus 6 is an upgrade  . it's available with more storage, the camera is an upgrade, the speakers sound better, the screen looks nicer  . but the thing is, the nexus brand has become synonymous with a good deal for a solid phone  . while the nexus 6 is unquestionably a solid phone, it's also unquestionable not a good deal  . if you want a good deal on a solid phone get the oneplus one  . it feels exactly like the x only it's bigger  . the back is metal and very solid  . i'd say it's more solid than the htc one  . the back really shows oil from your fingers and is difficult to clean  . i think it makes the back look cheap  . overall though, it's a very nice looking design, the corners are a bit too hard so the 6 isn't very comfortable to hold for long periods of time  . the grills over the speakers are smooth unlike the x's which are machined  . i also noticed that the microusb port on the 6 is upside-down like the nexus 5 and some htc phones  . just pressing the bottom right corner isn't enough  . still, it has decent ergonomics so as long as you don't have to reach across the screen you can sometimes get away with using it with one hand  . if you want to carry the 6 in your pocket be aware that it's fairly tall, so it might stick out if you put it in the back pocket of your jeans or in a coat breast pocket  . at first i thought it had nice colour because the stock lollipop ui looked pretty natural  . however, when i'm looking at pictures anything bright looks un-natural because it's oversaturated  . it's a really annoying display to look at  . while it has deep inky blacks like most amoled displays, the whites are a bit too restrained  . the reason is because the screen isn't as bright as some other amoled equipped phones like the note 4 or even it's relative, the moto x  . i don't have a tool to measure screen brightness but when i compare the nexus with some phones i have lying around, i'd say the maximum brightness is similar to a samsung galaxy s iii or a galaxy note  . just to be clear, the nexus 6 is bright enough to look fine indoors - you don't normally need a super bright display when you're inside  . however, maximum screen brightness is especially important with amoled displays because from my experience, they're more susceptible to washing out when you're outdoors  . the latest generation of superamoled displays from samsung are insanely bright and while they're not outstanding in the direct sunlight, they're definitely usable  . i couldn't figure out how to capture this with a camera but the nexus struggles outdoors  . it's worse than the note 4 and the older nexus 5 in this regard  . maybe motorola had to turn down the maximum brightness since the 6 only comes with a 3220mah battery which is a bit small for a 6' display  . off-angle, the nexus doesn't turn blue when you move slightly off center like the note 4 does  . when it comes to phones, especially flagships, the display is one of the most important pieces of the puzzle and unfortunately for the nexus 6, its display comes up short  . colour is reasonably accurate and google has resisted the temptation to oversaturate colours  . just to clarify, while pictures viewed on the display are oversaturated, when you stick them on your computer or another device they have fantastic colour  . like the moto x, the 6 has a ring flash  . if you missed my moto x review, i talked about how ring flashes are used to create rings in the eyes of your subject plus they help with close-up (macro) photography since they help to light subjects more evenly  . the problem with the 6's ring flash is that the led's are too small and bright  . if you're trying to make rings in someone eyes it won't work because all you'll see are 2 bright led's  . as for macros, since the led's are so bright all they do is blast out your subject  . while the ring flash is a cool feature, practically speaking it's just a gimmick  . a dual led, colour adjusting flash would be more useful  . in terms of sensitivity, it's maybe a generation or 2 behind market leaders like the apple iphone 6 plus  . that said, if a picture turns out too dark, the 6's photos handle brightening very well  . shot-to-shot and focusing times are a tad slow for a flagship  . when i hold the 6, sit down and bounce my leg, i can really see how much more stable the video is compared to when i try this with the moto x which is a similar phone that doesn't have optical image stabilization  . the metal body really helps to cool the processor because it really heats up very evenly  . the microphone sounds fine  . it doesn't pick up too much handling noise  . my only complaint is that i'd like to have it bias a little more to the subject  . like all nexus devices, the 6 is one of the first devices to run the latest version of android 5  . the biggest change is that lollipop gets a completely new flat look  . it takes some getting used to but personally, i don't mind it and i'm an old fart that normally doesn't like change  . i will say that i don't really like the new menu icons  . not because they're ugly but because it feels like they ripped off a sony playstation controller  . it's important to look original  . i'm not sure i really like it personally  . even though there is less 'stuff' on the keyboard, at times i felt lost without the dividers between each key  . 0 and up) which is very dark, lollipop is pretty bright with a lots of white  . you know those cards that google now uses to organize information? now those cards are available in the notification area and lock screen  . art puts the programs together when they're installed so that they run faster  . while the 805 is a more powerful soc, it's graphics processor isn't powerful enough to offset the extra pixels in the display  . as a result, gaming performance suffers a little bit  . practically speaking, the nexus 6 is very fluid and smooth  . the greatest comment is that you don't normally think about how fast or slow the 6 is when you use it because it has sufficient performance  . that said, when i put the nexus 6 next to my nexus 5, i found that the 5 was usually a hair faster  . one of my favorite tests is to see how quickly a phone can launch the camera since i take a lot of pictures  . the nexus 5 launches the camera faster, has faster shot-to-shot speeds plus it launches the browser and brings up the settings menu faster  . they're just as loud as the note 4's but you get 2 of them  . in terms of sound quality, the note 4 sounds like an am radio next to the 6 because the 6 has much more range plus it just plain sounds better  . like every other flagship i've tried recently the nexus 6 headphone jack is powerful and sounds great  . while the 6 doesn't come with a micro sd slot, you can spec it with either 32gb or 64gb of storage either of which should be enough for most users  . incoming sound quality is a bit disappointing  . everyone sounds like they have a cold  . this is probably the result of over-aggressive noise reduction  . maximum earpiece volume is a little on the quiet side  . i'm not sure if this is a bug or by design but it's really annoying  . i actually found that the x has superior rf performance  . the nexus 6 supports a staggering number of lte bands plus it supports lte carrier aggregation  . here's a partial list of support bands:  . in addition to all these bands, the nexus 6 supports carrier aggregation  . rogers is currently aggregating bands 2 and 17 with their lte advanced rollout  . while i'm not sure of how extensive their band 17 rollout is and i have questions of how dense the coverage is, i have been pretty impressed with how large the coverage has grown in a short time  . while 3220mah sounds big, the 6 also has a big power sucking amoled display and a very bright ui  . if you play a lot of games or shoot a lot of video, you'll be happy that the nexus supports fast charging  . if you need to charge quickly, the 6 supports a fast charging mode which is able to charge the battery at up to 14  . the fastest 'regular' charging i have seen are devices which are able to handle 11 or 12 watts so the 6 is able to charge a full 20% faster  . in case you're wondering, the note 4 can do even better by charging at 15 watts  . check out the picture of the included fast charger, it's not a very power outlet friendly shape because there's a good chance it will block the adjacent plug  . receives updates directly from google without approval from your carrier  . fortunately, the nexus 6 which i have here was supplied from rogers and they didn't mess with it  . so in this case, rogers deserves a high five for leaving the 6 alone while at&t deserves five across the eyes of making their version of the 6 suck  . okay, it's time for me to put my flame suit on but one other 'feature' of nexus devices is that they've always had one hardware flaw  . the nexus 4 lacked lte while the nexus 5 only got a 5' display, a small battery and only a 8 megapixel camera  . while the nexus 6 is the most 'no compromises' nexus yet, it's been cursed with a dim screen and thus maintains the family's flawed history  . priced so it's a great deal  . while having an affordable price wasn't always a nexus hallmark, to me it's become the most important one  . the nexus really fails my final rule  . if you want a great phone for that's a steal, the nexus 6 is not the android you're looking for  . it's hard to figure out a rating for the nexus 6  . on one hand, it's a very solid phone, on the other hand it has a dim display and it's very expensive  . at the nexus 6 price point, a phone should have no serious weaknesses so with that in mind i can only give it 3  . right now if i had to choose, the samsung galaxy note 4 would be my pick for favorite android phone  . it's just like the note 4 but the display has been swapped out for a curved, slightly higher resolution display that spills over the right side of the phone  . if you've never seen one before, the effect is quite striking  . in canada, the edge is available on rogers and bell for around $400 on-contract and $900 off which makes it more expensive than the 16gb iphone 6 plus  . is the edge really worth an extra $100 or so over the note 4? the quick answer is definitely not  . the only reason to buy the edge is if you can appreciate the techo lust that the curved screen inspires  . i mean when people see it, they're definitely impressed  . unfortunately, it doesn't do much and worse yet, it makes the edge harder to use than the note 4  . samsung has tried their best to utilize the curve side's extra space by migrating the notifications and app drawer there  . worse yet, since i usually use my phone in portrait mode, the landscape-oriented notifications are always at a 90 degree angle  . if that's not enough you can also put all sorts of other information on the side to clutter things even more  . one other problem that i didn't think about is that the edge's extra width over the note 4 means it won't fit in most car cup holders  . i guess the nexus 6, passport and even the note 4 in a case have this problem too so i'm not sure how big a deal this really is  . another problem is that the edge has a slightly larger display than the note 4 but it comes with a smaller battery  . while i do think that most users will find the edge's battery sufficient to make it through the day, i did notice that it drains a little faster than the note 4  . really, there's no reason to pick up the edge unless you absolutely, positively must have a phone with a curved display at all costs and can overlook the problems that it causes  . in my nexus 6 review, i said that the note 4 is a better phone than the nexus 6  . while i still think than the nexus 6's display needs to be brighter, i think that the edge's inconvenient curved screen and smaller battery are enough to tip things in the nexus 6's favor even when you consider the 6's lack of a memory card and removable battery  . love or hate apple, their products usually dictate the most that a company can charge for their for non-niche products  . while the edge has a more powerful speaker, removable battery, removable storage and it's wacom powered s-pen stylus, the curved display is awkward to use which makes it a worse device  . the body is pretty similar to the note 4's  . screen aside, the edge is missing some of the fine details on the 4  . for example; the chamfering isn't as pronounced on the note edge plus is lacks the built-up corners  . speaking of the curved screen, i don't know about you but the non-symmetrical design creates some tension when you look at it  . it's not a harmonious look  . then again, beauty is in the eye of the beholder so you can decide whether it makes the edge more striking or just kind of strange  . i usually use my phones by holding them in my right hand than using my thumb to interact with the screen  . the problem is that when i hold the edge like this, my palm is all over the right side  . samsung has done a good job of knowing when i have my palm on the side of the screen but occasionally it gets fooled and unexpected things happen  . it's not a bad attempt  . since the right side has the curved portion of the screen, the power button that samsung typically puts there has been relocated to the top  . this really annoyed me because a) having a right-mounted power button is a samsung paradigm b) my finger has to make its way to the top since the edge is a large phone  . further, the power button feels cheap and doesn't stick out as much as the one on the note 4's  . i'm not going to go too in-depth but the fingerprint reader works well  . you do have to swipe it which makes it less convenient to use, but your finger can be at any angle so it's still usable  . i don't imagine most people use the rear-facing uv sensor and heart-rate monitor but if you do then you'll be happy to know that there aren't many other phones which have this feature  . the idea is that you can now fit more icons and widgets on your home screens plus the notifications no longer pop up at the top  . the problem with moving the notifications on the side is that now you have to read them at a 90 degree angle  . talk about a horrible answer to a question that no one asked  . then again, i guess some would say that pretty much sums up touch-wiz in general at this point in time  . that mean's it's actually worse than just having the dock at the bottom like every other android phone  . viewing angles are very good - just like the note 4, but the problem is that the display turns blue unless you're looking at it straight on  . the curved display really accentuates this problem  . it's really, really bright  . it's so bright that even though it's an amoled display (which normally struggle outdoors), it kind of works in bright sunlight  . aside from the off-angle colour shift, i have no complaints about the display itself - it's top notch  . i compared some shots side-by-side and i think the edge has a slightly improved sensor  . it's a tiny bit cleaner  . i found that it sometimes won't focus, it's not because the sensor isn't capable of finding focus but it's some sort of bug  . the problem with this is that generally speaking, shutter buttons are usually placed where they are so that you can trigger the shutter without causing your phone to shake too much  . the location of the shutter button also makes it virtually impossible to take shots while holding the edge with just one hand  . i found that the edge tends to take worse pictures because i got more blurry shots because of the shutter button placement  . like the note 4, the edge ships with android 4  . since lollipop has been available for a few months now and given that it's a cutting edge device, i'm a little disappointed they didn't toss android 5 in the mix  . first off, you know how i go on and on about how great samsung's multi-window feature is in each samsung review i write? before you had to launch it by pressing and holding the back button and then selecting which windows you want  . while you can still do this, now you can pop windows out by just swiping from the top left diagonally onto the screen  . it's a much more intuitive way to hover windows - just remember that it's not support by most apps  . since part of the screen goes over the edge, the edge never uses the right part for apps  . normally, the right side shows panels for the notification area along with icons from the dock  . in case you're wondering, you can still pull down from the top of the screen to access your switches and to view notifications, it's just that notification toasts show up on the right side  . you can cycle between the panels by swiping left or right  . the problem with all this is that the panels themselves are quite small so they can't display too much information  . however, the worst thing about the panels is that i tend to use my phones in portrait mode and the panels themselves are landscape so you have to read everything at a 90 degree angle which is much more annoying that i thought it would be  . don't get me wrong, the panels are very cool but the problem is that they're not particularly useful  . certain built-in apps like the video player also use the panel to show the video scrubber and controls  . again, it sounds like a cool idea since you don't have controls overlaying what you're watching but in practice, it makes the edge awkward to use  . the headphone jack sounds great and is powerful  . the built-in speaker doesn't sound as nice as the nexus 6's speakers but they are quite loud  . if 32gb (gb usable) isn't enough storage for you can add a microsd  . if you're wondering how it handles as a phone it's just like the note 4 meaning it has a powerful, above average earpiece, good sound quality and strong rf performance  . where the edge sets itself apart is that bell and rogers are marketing it as the first phone sold by either that supports their carrier aggregation which they're calling lte advanced  . this means that the edge supports speeds of up to 225mbps on rogers and 183mbps on bell  . rogers was kind enough to send me a demo sim to use with the edge  . all you need is one that supports lte  . i found a decent spot and ran these tests:  . 225mbps is a mighty impressive number and great for marketing purposes but some of you are probably wondering what use this is in the real world  . i gave it a lot of thought and marketing aside, one scenario where carrier aggregation would be useful is if both bands are congested and you're only able to get 2mbps on one and 2 on the other, well with ca you could get a usable 4mbps  . here's another more interesting observation: if you look carefully, while the download speed is very high, the upload speed is not aggregated and just appears to be using band 4 only  . if you look at the band 7 upload speeds you'll notice that they're much faster  . so, if you're uploading videos from your phone, this is one scenario where carrier aggregation would actually cause things to run more slowly - at least until they're able to aggregate the uplink also  . while samsung deserves praise for bringing such an interesting device to the market, it's really too bad they weren't able to make the curved screen useful  . technology for the sake of technology is cool but in the case of the edge, it doesn't make it a better phone  . 5 howies from the edge's score because it's a actually worse phone  . *update* the grand x plus z826 actually comes with 2gb of ram, not 1gb like i stated originally  . in late 2013, an interesting trend emerged in the marketplace; motorola released the moto g which was the first relatively inexpensive phone that didn't suck  . the bar was raised in 2014; for the same money you could now pick up something with a quad-core processor, 5' hd display and a 8 megapixel autofocus camera: i'm talking phones like the zte grand x (z933 - canadian version) or the blu studio 5  . lte makes these phones more attractive to carriers but as far as i'm concerned, trading these 2 features to get lte is just not worth it  . now we have the zte grand x plus (z826)  . raw deal right? not so fast, while it's not the most solid phone around, the g definitely feels more solid in my hand  . it also has a louder earpiece, better sounding headphone jack and much better speakers  . off the top of my head, i can't think of any other phones that comes with 2gb of ram for this price  . what about the zte grand x (z933)  . just to clarify, i'm talking about the canadian version of the zte grand x, the z933 which has a 5' hd display, quad-core qualcomm snapdragon 200 processor, 1gb of ram and a 5 mp camera  . don't let the higher model number fool you; z826 > z933  . the grand x plus has a much better camera, 2gb of ram, lte and most importantly, a qualcomm snapdragon 400 instead of the grand x's 200  . the 200 just isn't up to the task of driving a 1280x720 hd display which results in a choppy user experience  . at a glance, the plus looks pretty similar to grand x (z933)  . however, upon closer scrutiny, the plus' body has a couple of improvements  . first off, the power button has migrated from it's perch at the top of the phone to the right side  . i also like how the microusb has moved from the side and is now centered on the bottom  . this makes the plus much easier to plug in at night  . as for the build quality, like the x, the plus' body and finishes feel a half step behind the competition  . when you remove and attach the cover, it doesn't snap on like most other phones  . the paint job on the back doesn't fill me with confidence  . it gets dirty very easily and is hard to clean off  . it feels like it won't take much to scuff it up  . i was kind of surprised that the volume and power buttons have a nice feel to them  . it also makes the screen bigger since the bottom part isn't covered up with menu keys  . was the phone designed from scratch here? or did a product manager from fido specify that the plus needed to have support for a certain lte band? who knows but the 'designed in canada' aspect is interesting  . power button on the right  . headphone jack on top  . like it's competitors, the plus has a 5', 1280x720 ips display  . it's not as bright as a flagship phone but it's definitely bright enough for everyday use  . colours look nice and view angles are good enough  . we're now at the point where the choice between an inexpensive phone and a flagship is whether you want a nice display or an awesome one  . these days flagships have ppi's of over 400 but to my eyes, the difference between 400+ and 290ppi is a lot smaller than you'd think  . the plus' display is very sharp  . compared to the moto g, the saturation on the plus is dialled back a tiny bit (not a bad thing)  . when you're viewing black, the plus screen is slightly more evenly lit  . on the back is an 8 megapixel, autofocus camera with led flash  . i have a confession; i wasn't expecting too much so in that sense, i was pretty impressed with the plus' camera  . no, it's as good as the iphone 6 plus (which concidently costs 4 - 6x what the grand x plus costs) but it's capable of taking decent pics  . it doesn't blow out pictures like the moto x 2nd gen does nor does it over-saturate to the degree the alcatel idol 2s does  . it's not bad in the dark and manages to do so without excessive noise  . focusing is pretty fast and shot to shot speeds are good for the class  . the lens had a fairly wide angle, i'm guessing it's the equivalent to around 28 or 30mm on a 35mm camera  . despite the $200 price tag, this isn't some budget basement 8 megapixel sensor - it's surprisingly good  . video quality was acceptable but the digital stabilization wasn't very effective and the microphone picks up a lot of handling noise  . i'm not sure if the plus will receive any updates, i have a grand x from a few months ago and it's still on 4  . hc - 'no i' noticed that the home screen has a background picture blur feature (press and hold the back button and then swipe up)  . 5gb of usable storage vs 5  . like other android phones, there's a hotspot feature so you can use the plus to get other devices connected  . i could be wrong here but i haven't seen plus' wps feature on other phones  . you'll find the same soc in the moto g 2nd gen and the alcatel idol 2s along with many other mid-range phones a lot of which cost more than $200  . benchmarks are pretty much what you'd expect from a 400  . the snapdragon 400 is perfectly adequate to the task of driving the hd display  . in the plus it offers reasonably smooth performance  . apps load quickly and i never got the feeling that it was struggling (except when running very high-end benchmarks)  . while i wouldn't say it's terrible the best thing i can say about it is that its serviceable - the front facing speakers on the 2nd gen moto g blows it away  . the headphone jack sounds awful  . there's some sort of signal processing going on that over-emphasizes the bass and pretty much ruins everything else  . everything except the bass sounds muddy like there's a blanket covering it  . sound quality is good  . maximum earpiece volume is average - it's slightly quieter than the moto g 2nd gen  . mxximum speakerphone volume is also slightly quieter than the g  . can get a full day while power users will have to top off halfway through the day  . let's get this out of the way, i'm floored at what a good deal the zte grand x plus is  . aside from the back cover which feels a little cheap, there's nothing really wrong with it  . it's got all the features most users want and for the most part, the features work just fine  . one problem if you could call it that is that phones in general have reached a point where we don't really need to wait for the next flagship to get a phone that can do everything you need it to  . okay, that's not really a problem for us consumers but it's a problem for manufacturers like samsung who want to charge you $700 for a phone  . and guess what, phones like the zte are the source of that problem  . yes, a flagship is better, but the zte is good enough  . since flagship phones displays have been increasing in size over the past few years, new segments in the market have opened up for phones which have slightly smaller displays  . one interesting segment are smaller versions of flagship phones  . however, earlier this year sony added a twist to this trend when they released the z1 compact  . unlike the competition, the z1 compact was not a budget phone in expensive clothes; it was the first 'mini' phone with full-sized specs  . here's their follow up, the z3 compact  . since the z3 compact was released, samsung has jumped on-board the small phone, big spec bandwagon with the samsung galaxy alpha  . like the compact, the alpha makes very few compromises to fit into its more svelte form factor  . there's one spec which really stands out that demonstrates how serious sony is with the compact  . the compact is packing a 2600mah battery while the alpha has an embarrassingly small 1860mah  . you do get a removable battery with the alpha and guess what; if you're a power user you might actually have to use this feature since the battery is so small  . don't forget that even though the battery is removable, the alpha lacks the compact's microsd  . if that's not enough, the compact has the same camera as the z3 while the alpha has to make due with a different lower quality camera compared to what you get with the gs5  . the alpha does have sexy metal sides but the edges  . just remember, samsung is still kind of new to the metal phone game so they made the rookie mistake of making the sides too hard, so the alpha is not very comfortable to hold  . sony made the same mistake last year with the z1  . i do like the fingerprint reader on the alpha which is genuinely useful since most people have to unlock their phone many times a day  . then again, the z3 compact counters with water and dust resistance which is also a very practical feature  . while the choice between z3 and gs5 is difficult, if you have to choose between the alpha and z3 compact it's not even close  . compact all the way  . if you're a sony fan, then you have to pick between the z3 compact and its larger brother, the z3  . these days, android seems to be optimized for screens that around 5' in size so when you use the z3, everything feels right  . on the compact, everything on the screen feels a little more cramped  . while the z3 has a larger footprint than the compact, the compact is noticeably thicker  . it doesn't bother me at all but it does feel a bit chubby when you have them side-by-side  . the z3 has exposed metal sides which feel very classy  . the compact has metal sides too but they're covered with a round layer of cheap-feeling soft plastic  . the z3's stereo speakers are more powerful and have better sound quality  . between them, it's a tough choice  . unless you really need a smaller phone, i'd probably lean towards the z3 myself but it's really a personal decision  . one thing i can say is that you really don't sacrifice anything meaningful with the compact  . in canada, the z3 compact can be picked up for $149  . spoiler alert; the z3 compact is an awesome phone and it's a bit of a crime that it's not more widely available  . the problem with this is that that newer versions often don't differ much from previous versions  . the upside is that this helps to really put downward pressure on the prices of their older models which are almost as good as the newer ones  . of course, if you end up buying the latest model you might feel burned when rumors of its replacement start making the rounds a week later but i guess that's part of the sony xperience  . right now, the z2 can be found for $100 less at the sony store or much cheaper if you look for a used one  . is the z3 worth another $100? i'll have to say a very definite maybe  . for you extra money, you get a slight smaller phone with a brighter display and much better speakers  . actually, the best thing about the z3 is that it really helps to clobber the z2's resalel values  . if you want a sony that's almost as good as the z3 then just think about getting a z2  . while the z1 doesn't do anything better than the z2 or z3, used ones can be picked up for less than half what a brand new z3 costs  . so what do you give up? first off, the z1 has much harder corners so it's not that comfortable to hold for long periods of time  . while there are plenty of flagships, the only others which are water resistant are samsung's gs5 and it's more durable brother, the gs5 active  . the z3 has a slightly bigger display, an extra gigabyte of ram, larger battery, stereo speakers, plus its metal and glass body are a classier package  . as a gs5 owner, while i think the fingerprint reader is a genuinely nice thing to have, the rest of the samsung features are just fluff  . i never use the heart rate monitor, the infrared blaster is crippled with completely useless software  . the active on the other hand is a bit more competitive simply because there's nothing else on the market that blends the active's toughness with it's high-end feature set  . last year, motorola's flagship, the moto x kind of got lost in the shuffle  . while it was a solid effort of motorola's part, some of the features they gave it to differentiate it from the competition didn't really catch on  . the specs weren't up to, well, they weren't up to spec and one of the most important differentiators, the customizability wasn't even available in canada! to be honest, i'm surprised they sold any here  . like last year, motorola has priced the x's srp slightly lower than the competition ($600 vs ~$700), this carries over once subsidies have been taken into account; the gs5 goes for around $200 while the moto x is only $100  . with the gs5, you get a removable battery, microsd card slot, fingerprint reader (a useful feature), heart rate monitor (not a useful feature) and water resistance  . is the gs5 worth $100 more than the x? i'd say yes, simply because it comes with a microsd slot though the fingerprint reader is also a nice feature  . the x counters with a very stylish metal body  . when you put the g3 next to the x, the x looks sleek and stylish while the g3 and feels like it's trying to apologize for being made from plastic with it's vulgar looking faux finishes  . to be honest, i don't really have strong feelings one way or the the other between the x and g3  . the opo is available with 64gb of storage, plus has a larger display, more ram, a much larger battery and most importantly, a lower price  . both receive many updates to the point that it may annoy some less demanding users  . you can't have both unless you're willing to spend another $50  . the problem with this is that both high def screens and lte are awesome features  . on the other hand, high definition displays are usually nicer to look at  . there's no blockiness or jagged edges to distract you  . so where does the desire fit in? it has lte which is great and a 854x480 display which isn't so great  . if you can look past the fact that it comes with windows phone, the 635 has a better camera and a much better screen  . while the 635 also has a low resolution display, it has nice colours and respectable viewing angles  . i can live with a low resolution display if it looks nice but unfortunately, that's not the desire's  . ditto for the camera, the 635's camera is only 5 megapixels but it actually takes pretty decent photos for a budget shooter  . that's really the choice you have to make between these 2; if you can deal with windows phone and it's somewhat boring app ecosystem, you'll be rewarded with a better camera and display  . when it comes to budget phones with a hd display, last year's moto g (not to be confused with this year's moto g which i'm currently reviewing) is the poster child for an affordable phone that doesn't suck  . when it was announced, people were awestruck that moto managed to stuff a high definition display into a phone at it's price point  . that said, with 5' fast becoming the new standard, it's 4  . 5' display is starting to feels really cramped  . don't forget that the moto g's uses on-screen buttons which effectively shrinks the display further  . to be honest, while the moto g is nice and sharp, it's small screen has kept it from aging well  . 7', overall the display is pretty awful  . i suppose it looks good enough straight-on but if you're not directly in front it has all sorts of colour and contrast shift  . it also uses on-screen buttons which shrinks the effective size of the screen  . you do get a microsd slot with the desire which is one of the moto g's biggest omissions - at least on the 8gb hspa variant  . still, the moto g is considerably cheaper than the desire - i've seen it go for as low as $110 canadian and it's even cheaper south of the border  . unless you can find the desire on a big discount, the choice is easy here, pick up the moto g  . unlike pretty much every other phone on the market, the pop has a matte display which is really great indoors because it's much less reflective  . the problem is that it's almost impossible to see when you're outdoors which explains why every other phone on the market has a glossy display  . aside from lte, the desire pulls head in the processor department with a beefier snapdragon 400 soc vs the more humble snapdragon 200 in the pop icon plus the htc also comes with 8gb of storage vs 4gb on the pop icon  . what about the zte grand x  . the grand x which is available from bell and different from the grand x available in the us, pulls ahead with a nice-for-this-segment 5', 1280x720 high definition display that also has separate menu buttons  . the desire has a faster processor (snapdragon 400 vs 200), more storage (8gb vs 4gb) a newer version of android (4  . in a way, the desire looks better on paper but the larger 5' high definition display is a really nice feature  . 4 issue, i don't think it's that big a deal  . 4 isn't that big  . the bigger question is if either of these phones will receive updates  . 4 is currently available that says a lot about how many updates it will probably receive  . this is a tough choice, the zte has a nice big display but it also only comes with 4gb of storage  . the desire has a faster processor and lte but an ugly screen  . in terms of power, the mediatek soc in the blu ranks somewhere between a qualcomm snapdragon 200 and 400 so it's a little slower than the desire's, at least in terms of graphics performance  . the blu's has the following features going for it: dual sim, support for hspa 850/1700/1900 (works on all hspa carriers in canada and i think the us), a better camera and 5' high definition display that looks much nicer than the desire's  . with the desire you get lte, 8gb of storage (vs 4gb) and stronger rf performance  . disappointing yet sexy  . as a disclaimer, having this phone will not increase the owner's sex appeal so i wouldn't make any rush decisions  . but the bottom line for the samsung galaxy alpha is that this is the biggest tease on the market  . as much as carbon fibre is stronger than steel, there is something beyond the scientific properties of a substance that communicate strength and confidence  . a big grievance that i've had with samsung's smartphones is the cheap plastic materials used  . in a marketplace where apple has produced great strides in the manufacturing process of aluminum/aluminium, there doesn't appear to be any reasonable explanation for any lagging from samsung  . even though this galaxy alpha metal is limited to the aluminum frame, it's feels far more polished and precise than what the iphone 5s has  . i only had 5min with the iphone 6 but the brushed finish doesn't have the flare of a reflective, glossy polish  . it's impressive how the transition from the two materials is rather transparent making it feel as one  . furthermore, the galaxy alpha feels rock solid - nice and hard and substantial in your hand  . well done, south koreans!   . the big tease ends with the let-down: the rear plastic cover  . it's flimsy and the extreme antithesis to the metal frame  . understandably, this is the compromise you make for a removable battery (yet oddly no expandable microsd slot - see the complaints list below)  . flimsy and sexy don't go together for some reason  . because i'm the resident apple guy, i had to do some research to get the specs but as you should know by now, technical specs are rubbish in my opinion  . and the public is well aware of the futile battle processor speed and core count is  . the critical question to answer at the end of any spec sheet is this: does it work? and we have become like the spoiled child that wants it all even though we only really use less than a third of it's capability  . just like the relationship between driver and automobile or photographer and camera, power/capability is only as good as what controls it  . maybe one day processor swaps will be commonplace but i don't see that being a viable business model  . what really is important is available storage  . there is 32gb of internal storage and no microsd expansion slot like that galaxy s5 has  . as an apple guy, i don't have any grounds to complain about this considering i was able to thoroughly enjoy the nexus 4 with 8gb of memory  . but the rest of you iphone haters should be outraged and take to social media to express your disappointment at this oversight  . when i heard that you could stick a 128gb card in the galaxy s5, i was comprehensively impressed  . why did samsung omit expandable memory from the alpha? it's another tease  . want another thing to complain about? display  . 7', the super amoled display on the alpha is gorgeous  . the colours are accurate and backlighting is fantastic  . outdoor performance is right on par with the 5s  . now that is a great phone with the whole metal thing going on too' i just couldn't describe it sexy like the alpha  . it's just seriously annoying that samsung of all companies missed the mark with this resolution battle  . whoever was picking the parts for this phone must have grabbed the wrong bucket because i'm certain samsung already has the world's first 4  . who cares? my real world experience was equal to my 5s which means i get about 12hrs of battery life considering the poor cell signal in my office cubicle and a decent volume of emails/messages i get daily  . so the battery is adequate but has the clear advantage of being replaceable  . one side note that got me thinking' if it's possible to easily remove the battery from the phone, is there a 'dark' market out there for stolen batteries? but i guess it's also easy to steal your simcard or microsd card  . to sum up the hard stuff in the galaxy alpha, my opinion is that samsung could've (no, should've) done better  . put the best, most powerful and efficient processor in it  . throw in a wicked battery and that magic 4k display  . i'll be upfront and honest with my dislike of android  . i've tried to like it and can see what it does well  . i could imagine a pure, virgin version of kitkat is great but when it's customized by samsung, it gets bulky like dragging other stuff behind you  . there isn't any lagging but it behaves like a heavy os  . there have been some samsung apps that i've appreciated like the s-pen stuff in the note series  . because the os is essentially the same as found in the galaxy s5, you can refer to steve's awesome in-depth review  . without a doubt, the phone can make calls like a phone should  . you have to swipe your digit across the home button  . this is disappointing as i find the iphone's solution much better  . furthermore, i found that it is very picky with what angle you swipe down from  . in the end, i turned it off because it was getting really annoying and i didn't want to drop this tester phone  . i'm a big fan of samsung's customized camera app and the actual results from the lens  . it's a 12mp cmos sensor that does remarkably well with adequate available light  . but like all phone cameras, it struggles in low light  . i like the added functions like dual camera and surround shot  . and selective focus is very quick to respond to user input  . but keep in mind that there isn't any expandable memory' fortunately, there are more solutions available like dropbox, onedrive and so on to mitigate memory anxiety  . my constant complaint with samsung is the soft buttons for 'multitask' and 'back' ' i can't stand these  . like i'm trying to watch a video, pick up the phone and my thumb grazes the back button  . it also happened frequently when taking photos the correct way (holding the phone in landscape orientation)  . as much as i can see their convenience value, it's just annoying and something that isn't specific to this galaxy alpha  . it was clearer and the frequency range was wider  . while i realize this feature is dependent on your carrier's capabilities, it also needs the phone's hardware/software to support it  . what lagged behind was voip based calls ' i found the audio to be rather thin and on the treble end of tone  . granted, i compared this using skype on the alpha and iphone so it could very well be a limitation of the app and not necessarily the phone hardware  . as far as cellular reception goes, this particular test phone was connected to the bell network and i had no complaints here  . but when it comes to data over cellular, lte signal strength was either full or weak with nothing in the middle  . the alpha does support bands 1-5, 7, 17 and 29  . i'm not an expert in this field but the best i could manage off speedtest was around 40mbps download and 26mbps upload  . i'm sure there are many factors interplaying here but i'd at least like to share my real-world experience  . it's difficult to define what 'noise' is but i tried it with a fan in the background thinking that the software should be able to handle that type of constant hum but it didn't  . then i tried it with wind noise in the car with the windows slightly open  . but i'd like to think that this should be on by default anyways as a phone function, and perhaps defined differently when using speakerphone or a headset  . it's a good idea but better if it actually did something material to audio quality rather than teasing the user into thinking it will be like those headphones people wear on airplanes  . when my wife started to read the fifty shades of grey series like almost every other woman on the planet, i had to go through the mental exercise of determining what it all means for me and my manhood: was it the end or the beginning? would i be compared to a fictional character or feel shame for not having 'this' or being 'that'? now that the movie is coming out, i'll have to decide whether i want that to be our date night activity  . i don't want to misrepresent myself by trying to be someone that i'm not  . i don't want to mislead my wife into thinking that i'm interested in sharing this fictional novel experience with her  . my opinion about the samsung galaxy alpha is centred around the idea of misrepresentation and titillation  . imagine being blindfolded and having this solid phone in your hands  . your mind takes off into assuming it is the best galaxy smartphone yet  . even the name is misleading you to picture it as finally whipping the iphone into submission and dominating the market  . the dream ends when the blindfold is removed and you're left disappointed in a seemingly unfinished product  . what the hell happened? you'll have to wait for the sequel to get a wee bit closer to the real thing  . i am left feeling disappointed with this phone yet unwittingly hopeful of what is yet to come from samsung  . this helps to dissipate energy when you drop it and it lands on a corner but it also makes it a little thicker and increases the gs5 active's footprint albeit only slightly  . i like how there is a lip that extends around the screen which makes the screen slightly recessed  . that should help protect the screen when you drop it accidentally  . it's also smaller and doesn't extend to the edges  . it's easier to pull off compared to the gs5's because the part where you stick your fingernail in to pop it out is on the top and bottom instead of on the side  . you also get an extra button on the left side of the phone which you can map to your favorite application  . i also noticed the finishes on the phone are hardier and aren't glossy so that they're more resistant to scratches  . when you squeeze and twist the active you'll find that it flexes less too so it appears to have a reinforced frame  . the amount of padding and bracing seems to be a trade off between making the active more durable without making it too heavy and bulky - it is unquestionably going to be more durable than a regular gs5 but it's not as idiot proof as a sonim xp7  . it probably won't show as much damage like a gs5 would when you drop it but it will likely show some  . you gain a lot of ruggedness but do you have to give up anything  . as a gs5 owner i can honestly say that the fingerprint reader is a great feature  . while it's not as convenient to use as apple's touchid, it's still easy enough to use  . you also lose the gs5's usb 3  . 0 port but from my experience, this is actually a good thing  . 0 port isn't really any faster than a good usb 2  . in fact, i'd argue that the extra thickness and rougher surfaces makes it a little easier to hold and use since the regular gs5 is a bit thin for my taste  . both cameras receive a bump in resolution plus you get a fingerprint reader, uv sensor, heart rate monitor and fast charging  . while the extra screen resolution doesn't really make any difference, the screen itself is a big improvement  . it looks more natural and whites are cleaner though also introduces some noticeable off-angle colour shift  . the camera is a big step forward in terms of image quality  . the fingerprint reader is usable and a nice thing to have  . the uv sensor, heart rate monitor and fast charger are also nice but i think most people aren't going to use them  . however, the biggest difference between the 2 is how they feel in your hand  . the 4 has an exposed metal frame which really makes it feel much more expensive  . bottom line, if you have a note 3 and are happy with it, keep it  . however, if you drop the money and upgrade to the 4, chances are you'll be happy  . the biggest problem with the note 4 is that while it's a brilliant device with no significant weaknesses, you can now buy an iphone that's more or less the same size  . now let me give credit where credit is due; samsung has done a great job designing and marketing their galaxy line up  . that being said, at least part of their success is because up until now, their phones are an alternative for people who want something bigger than an iphone  . now that apple is also playing the size game, one of samsung's major advantages is now gone  . both have metal bodies so it's hard to pick one over the other  . i prefer holding the note 4 because it feels more substantial  . i'm also not a fan of of the curved edges on the plus' display - it just feels really cheesy  . the plus is better off-angle and has more natural looking colour  . in case you're wondering, why i didn't mention resolution, that's because for all intents and purposes, it's not important when comparing the 2 because both are incredibly sharp  . actually, when i look closely, i prefer the plus' display because the 4's is laid out in a pentile arrangement so solid colours looks grainy up close - not that you'd ever notice this unless you looked really hard  . if you take a lot of selfies i'd also prefer the plus since the 4's wide-angle front facing camera is weird to use plus it makes you look 10lbs heavier if you use it up close  . some people love ios and think android is the worst thing ever and others feel the opposite  . i prefer the plus' fingerprint reader because it's easier to use but then again, the 4's isn't exactly hard to use  . i don't use the s-pen and i'm guessing those who do use it, can be served just as well with a regular capacitive stylus  . while the plus does better in benchmarks, the benchmarks don't reveal one big problem with the plus; it only comes with 1gb of ram  . it's especially noticeable if you're playing games and it really annoys the hell out of me  . then there's the fast charging  . it's a cool feature but you know what? the note 4 has a 3220mah battery - a lot of people aren't going to need to charge it halfway through the day  . i guess it could be useful if you forget to charge your phone regularly  . unless you're the type of user who doesn't load many apps on their phone, 16gb of storage is much too small  . a more reasonable 6 plus is the 64gb variant that costs $969/484  . i'll be totally honest, while the 6 plus is an amazing device, paying $170 more for it is a total rip-off  . paying $50 usd more for a 64gb 6 plus is much more reasonable  . anyways, if you want an iphone and a big screen then you now have more choice  . that being said, samsung is ready and has really upped their game with the note 4  . 3' on a 16:10 display is a lot bigger than the gsii's 4  . on top of that, phones in general have been increasing in size to the point that even $150 phones come with 5' high definition displays  . while the gs5 is smaller than the note 4, the difference between them isn't that big to the point that now they've become competitors  . if you can afford it, go with the note 4 for its metal frame and extra storage  . there are other differences between them but those are the 2 worth mentioning  . i just reviewed the iphone 6 plus, now it's time to check out its smaller brother the iphone 6  . 5' is a big difference  . 7' is a happy medium  . like the 5s, the 6 can be used with one hand though it's a bit trickier  . if we look beyond size, the 6 brings some other improvements like a slightly better camera, a better screen, a tiny bit more performance which you probably won't notice, the availability of a 128gb variant that costs roughly what the 64gb 5s did last year, support for lte band 7 (up to 150mbps) and slightly better battery life  . the 6 plus has 4 points which make it better than the 6  . first and foremost is the larger display  . there's a big jump when you go from 4  . remember; gaming, surfing the web, looking at pictures, reading email are all better on a bigger screen  . the 6 plus display is also sharper but most people won't notice this  . my 6 plus has some problems so i haven't been able to get a real handle on this  . so, while you get a bigger, sharper display, better camera and more battery life on the plus, you have to sacrifice some portability  . some people have stuffed the 6 plus in the pant pockets and after sitting down for a few hours, have found that it has been bent out of shape  . did the 6 plus bend because it's poorly made with the strength of a wet noodle? no  . the problem with the 6 plus, is that it's too long  . think about it, imagine you put a toothpick in your pocket - chances are that it will be fine even if you spend the whole day sitting because it's short  . now take a thicker, stronger toothpick that is twice as long and put it in your pant pocket  . it's going to get bent out of shape because the length causes it to be subjected to more forces  . even if it's actually weaker (i have no idea one way or the other), it won't be subject to the same level of forces that the 6 plus will be  . like the plus, the 6 is available in 16, 64 and 128gb sizes  . if you're a casual user who plans on snapping a few pictures, download the facebook app and making some calls, then 16gb is enough  . when ios 7 came out, i couldn't install it because i needed more than 5gb of free space  . 7gb of usable space  . if apple releases a new version of ios, how much free space will it need? it will drive you nuts because you'll be constantly performing memory management to free up space  . the jump from 16gb to 64gb is so big that i think most people don't really need to consider the 128gb version  . first off, if you have $100's worth of iphone apps and movies, own an apple tv, ipad and other apple products then there's a big financial incentive to stay  . however, if you're like me, and just like iphones but nothing else that apple offers then check out android  . i'd say the 6 is better in this regard but the s5 camera is also outstanding  . the s5 pulls ahead with a louder earpiece and speakerphone  . memory cards are a much cheaper way to add storage  . memory cards are usually slower and less durable so while it's cheaper, in a way you're getting less  . android is now a really mature ecosystem and you just might like it  . android also offers more freedom  . it's also easier to get media onto an android phone  . be it a nexus 5 with a 5' screen for ~$350 (screen isn't as nice, camera is terrible), or a $420 oneplus (much bigger, hardware isn't as nice but it's close enough), or a used android flagship (used htc one m8 for $425 anyone?)  . is paying that much more for an iphone 6 worth it  . while over the past few years, android oem's have been gradually increasing the size of their phones, apple just took a huge jump inc