I am very pleased with the phone we received.  It is a genuine Samsung S3.  I purchased this for my wife, she took it to the ATT store where they plugged in a sim card and set it up within 5 minutes.  No problems at all.  It has performed flawlessly even after being dropped on our tile floor. I even like some of the displays better than my S4 which is probably associated with the S3 operating system.  The price was in line with other sellers. Breed shipped the phone right away. I had read a number of reviews on this product advertised elsewhere on Amazon and was concerned about receiving a clone or refurbished phone as described by some other buyers (even from the same seller).  However, I think that reviews may get bundled under specific product names so I suggest you just be sure what is being advertised for sale by the specific seller.  This ad was for a new S3 SGH-I747 (US model) ATT phone and that is exactly what we received.
The Samsung Galaxy S3 is one of the best phones I've ever used. I absolutely love the phone and the photo quality it has.
I've had my N8100 for about two years.  Dropped it on pavement, concrete, wood floors, etc. at least 30 times so it has a ton of scratches but it's held up very well.  My 2-year old has chewed on it, licked it, smacked it, etc. -- still no problems.  Signal has been solid, intuitive usability is very good.  My standard battery was great for the first 20 months (several hours of talk time, a week of standby) and just now is needing a charge every other day. I'll definitely buy a Sanyo again.
I have had the Sanyo 8100 phone from Sprint for about 14 months.  After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part. I have not dropped the phone or done anything else to warrant all the damage.  The hinge to flip open the phone has completely broken, first just one side broke and pretty soon the entire thing broke.  Then just yesterday the display completely stopped working as well.  According to Sprint, I am not eligible for a new phone for another 3-4 months so now I am going to be forced to spend about $200 just to get a new phone that will probably just break after a year.  I'm completely dissatisfied.  This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.
I know it sounds like I am exaggerating, but I honestly think this phone is the worst purchase I have ever made in my adult life. From day one I had problems with reception, with the volume and with a constant "SIM Card Dislodged" error message. It only got worse over time. The display is essentially impossible to read in sunlight or even interior light brighter than a 60-watt bulb. The photos are awful. I've had the phone barely a year and it has essentially stopped working now. It'll be a cold day in hell before I give Sony Ericsson any more of my money.
This phone is an excellent phone.  It has a very good color screen, it is well designed, the camera is pretty good for a phone, and it has numerous features.  For example, if you have a Palm Pilot or Pocket PC with an IR sensor, you can transfer phone numbers, to-do items, and more.  You can also record sound, apply themes to your background, and surf the web.  The phone has a very nicely laid out case and menu that is easy to navigate.  It also has a very quality feel when you hold it in your hand.  The only very minor problem with this phone is that the case smudges easily.  Sony includes a nice cloth to wipe it down with.  Besides that, this phone is incredible.  I got two of them under a family plan with ATT and have not been disappointed.  The price is ok, so I would give this phone a 5 out of 5.
The phone looks amazing, and works even better. What I like most about it is the ease of use. I do not have the time to tinker with a gadget for an hour to find out how a particular thing works. With this phone, it is really easy to browse through the menu and find out what I am looking for. The PDA feature is also great. If you use your PDA strictly for business purposes, now you can easily do without it as the phone keeps track of all your appointments and phonebook just fine. The Bluetooth headset I installed also works fine and if the device is on, any call is transferred to the headset automatically. Overall, the phone is a good purchase but I am a little skeptical about AT&T service. From what I have seen, the coverage seems pretty limited (and if you call the customer service for any reason, expect to be on hold for a long time - about 10-20 minutes).
Previous to purchasing the E105 I was an S105 owner.  I loved that phone, but I had my pet peeves about it, the keys being connected on the keypad made it difficult to dial at times but as long as I wasn't driving this wasn't really an issue.  Yes it was hard to see the screen in daylight but I don't expect to see a crystal clear picture on a cell phone, they aren't mini laptops folks.  Although it was hard to read, it wasn't impossible.  Unfortunately I went to a concert and lost that phone and replaced it with the E105.  I have no complaints, I live in a basement apartment and the S105 wouldn't get service, but the E105 gets one bar and picks up all my calls crystal clear.  I can hear the caller on the other line perfectly, my boyfriend has one as well and I can hear the whole conversation if I am sitting next to him in a room with mild background noise.  I haven't had any problems with the screen going black, only when the phone goes idle but you can change that option from the menu.  Overall I am pleased with this phone up to date, we'll see if it holds up.
I first fell in love with this phone because it was compact and lightweight.  That's about all I love about the phone right now.  It has really bad reception, not to mention weird background noises on both incoming/outgoing calls.  T-Mobile sent a replacement after I told them of the problem, but it's still the same.  I would buy another phone right now if I had the money.  The wallpapers provided are not the best, and neither are the ringtones.  Sometimes there is a delay for the screen to show up when you flip for opening the phone. The phone is a nice organizer though.  Alarms are loud as well as the ringtones.  Screen is pretty bright.  Buttons are nice and crisp.  That's about all the good features of the phone.  Personally, I would not recommend anyone to buy this phone.
I've had the E105 for about 2 weeks now and I must say it's one of the best phones I've owned.  The included ringers are truly embarrassing to play in public, but it's easy to download new and free ringtones with the free WAP access that T-Mobile includes. The rings are very loud though, and the sound quality is superb... my ringer is currently a song with the voice and all! The sound quality is great, but I guess that depends on your location and service in your area.  T-Mobile includes free basic WAP browsing which I use every day on this phone, and for the people who can't access their favorites in T-Zones... all you have to do is hold down the pound button and your favorites will pop up. The battery life is mediocre, but I can't really complain since I'm always making a call, playing games, or browsing the web.  Overall this is an excellent phone. The people who complain about this phone really need to do their research before they blab. I downloaded new games, backgrounds, and ringtones for free.
I just received my E105 the other day and I must say that I'm more than impressed.  It is much smaller than it looks in the pics and has steel casing.  I was always worried about dropping a flip phone and doing extensive damage.... nothing to worry about with this baby.  The 65,000 color LCD is bright and clear!  There aren't the best song selections for ringtones, but the polyphonic sound is incredible and loud.  If you are looking for a phone with good reception, a stylish look, and a colorful screen, this is the one for you. It doesn't have tons of features like some of the other Samsung models, but who uses all that crap anyway.  I'm very satisfied!
This is a great phone, I used it with my Cingular sim and had no problem with it. I switched to a prepaid plan and it works great. The camera is better than some phones I have seen. The 64MB memory stick is good for pics and music. The bad is you can't get it from any carrier in the states, only online.
After my Motorola V180 had acted up on me and frozen all the damn time, I had to get a new one and the Samsung X495 doesn't disappoint. The only bad thing about this phone is that I can't access the internet. Reception is great, and the battery life is long - it charges in two hours which is really great. So far I can go anywhere and still have excellent reception. The speaker phone is superb, not loud, it is so clear, but you have to use it with the phone open. It is sleek and small, very nice to carry and show off. It's the perfect girl phone. If you are looking for a basic phone that actually works, this is the phone you have been waiting for!
I got this phone because the price was great, and it was easy to hold in my hand. This is my first cellphone, and I love it! I'd recommend it to anyone! A must-have for everyone who is getting their first cellphone. Easy to use, but you have to read the instruction manual first to learn about all of its features. Nice and bright screen with a nice loud ringtone (that is, if you want to put it the max volume). I hope you choose this phone if you're unsure of which Verizon Wireless cell phone to buy.
I am totally in love with this phone. This is the first phone that I could use without worrying if the signal is going to drop. It is so much more reliable and lighter than Z500. You plus it when you change faceplates, you don't have to worry about all the dust and faceplate slipping off. Sure it has a very sensitive camera button but I find it entertaining to see what pictures I have taken by accident. That's just me but oh well. You can't have your cake and eat it too.
I really like this phone.  It's cute, it's little, it's perfect for a young woman.  I had a Pocket PC prior to this and it was so complicated just making a call.  I wanted something simple, that wasn't a mp3 player (i have an iPod), that wasn't a professional camera (i have a nice digital cam), or a PDA (i have a PALM TX) … it's just simple and cute. It's Bluetooth compatible... although doesn't work that great with my Bluetooth, but I'm not sure if it's the headset or the phone. The ringer on it is super quiet... almost to the point you can barely hear it in your purse.  I'm grown accustomed to "listening" for the vibrating feature instead. I like how you can put a person's picture next to their name in your contact list. I can wear it in the back pocket of my jeans and it's comfortable. Sound quality is good, on both ends I dig it.  I'm sure you will too.
Ok, I have had Verizon for less than two years and this is my third phone.  It is fairly new so I have no complaints as of yet.  The reception is a lot clearer than the last one I had.  The fact that it has a camera is even greater.  I love taking pictures so this was perfect for me.  The picture quality isn't the best, but for a camera phone it is pretty good compared to the others I have seen. The buttons of the phone are larger than some so I don't have trouble hitting the wrong buttons.  I haven't had any difficulty with the battery at all, in fact the battery seems to last quite a bit longer than the last two phones I had.  I am looking forward to the next 2 years with this phone.
I got my phone a few days ago and it is way better than the other one I had.  I do have to say that the features are awesome!  They are easier to use than my old phone. The camera is easy as pie to use.  It has a lot of memory. On the screen you can put pictures that you take with the camera option. Or you can download wallpapers for your background.  It is such a nice phone. You can store a lot of contacts in the contacts list. Basically I would recommend this phone for anyone.
I upgraded my phone two months ago from a Motorola V300 to this model because I wanted a radio and a larger keypad. After one month, the radio no longer worked, the battery dies when it claims to be fully charged, it takes three tries to get it to connect when making a call, and sometimes the phone just freaks out and resets itself while you're in the middle of texting or surfing the web. It's flimsy. I've had my V300 for two years and everything still works on it. The Nokia 6101 has a lot of issues.
I have owned the Nokia 6101 since late October 2005. I absolutely love it! I wouldn't trade it for the world. My boyfriend even wanted me to trade it tom get a Motorola Razr V3 like he has, which does have its own set of great perks, but I love my phone. There are a few games on there (with room to download), the camera quality has great clarity, the FM radio works perfectly (and is a great passer of time), and it has great reception on T-Mobile's GSM network. You can also use the recorder to record your own ringtones. It's great!
I recently purchased this phone and it is so much better than the last one I had! The only problem I've had so far is that it froze up once which can be fixed only by putting the battery back in.
This phone is awesome and has great features! I have had it for a year and it hasn't given me a problem once! The ringtones are awesome! The camera quality is great and it has cool games that are fun that you can order. This phone really lets you show your style with features that let you pick your phone colors and online shopping for ringtones and wallpaper! It lets you adjust the phone volume and ringtone volume to your liking and the T-zones online shop has all the best artists and songs that gets everyone dancing, like Rihanna, Chamillionare and a lot more! So, if you want a reliable phone that lets you personalize and just be you, with so many cheap plans to choose from, then you should get the Nokia 6101 Phone (which is T-Mobile of course!) because it's the best!
This phone is excellent.  The best I've had as far as reliability and signal - may be partly because of Cingular, too.  The buttons are a little hard to get used to, but it doesn't take long.  The screen is clear and easy to read, the battery stays charged for a good amount of time (especially if you don't use it to call anyone), and it's just an overall good phone.  I totally recommend it.
I've owned a 6101 for 2 years and never had a problem even dropped it once or twice and still worked great. The only reason I'll purchase another is because they will not withstand a 250lbs person accidentally falling on it other than that I enjoyed the phone.
My Nokia 3220 phone is a huge letdown in functionality.  First, I bought it for the camera.  The camera does not allow me to send pictures.  Or my settings, that came with the phone are not sufficient.  This is one of the best reasons to have a camera phone. The 2nd unique feature that I was so excited about was the FM radio function.  My phone does not have that capability either.  Even after sending one back and receiving a brand new phone (exact model as first), no FM function.  Now I don't have options but to contact Nokia direct, which I don't think I should have to do with a brand new phone.  So I am not impressed with this model and do not recommend it.  I was a huge Nokia fan until this phone.
I have owned the phone for about 6 months now.  I talk about 3500 minutes a month, send and receive about 20 emails a day.  The phone has a bunch of great capabilities and is occasionally a great work companion.  The wide screen is excellent for viewing.  The CPU functions work a little slow which could be expected from such a small package.  The frustrating part is the phone frequently works slow as well.  About once a week it is necessary to take out the battery and let it sit for a minute before turning the phone on.  The phone takes a couple minutes to turn on.  Overall, it seems slow and unstable which overshadows all of its great features.  Reminds me of Windows 98.
My LG C1300 is a really small, clamshell phone with a part that looks like a mirror on top. It includes most basic features including text messaging, multimedia messaging, media mall, and everything you need to download wallpaper, games, ringtones, and applications straight from Cingular. It has an awesome battery life, but you can't always trust the battery monitor... sometimes it will display one bar left, and you'll have 2 days left. Call quality has been really good, and I know that sometimes I have bad reception... but that is the network, not the phone. Overall, I love my LG C1300 although now I wish I might have had a camera phone, but this phone is awesome for all the features and the minimal price involved.
This was my first cell phone in a few years, my first was the Bulky bag phones. I now own a Sony Ericsson Z500a and have had good luck so far despite the horrible reviews. As for this phone, I liked the design and ease of use much better than my new one. I even dropped it in the toilet and after a week of dry out worked fine. The only thing I realize now is that the signal strength wasn't that great. My wife and I both had these phones and now she has a Nokia 6010 and both of our new phones have better signal strength and clearer call reception than the LG did. But I absolutely loved how the LG 1300 phone was set up more than either of our new ones.
The RAZR is a very durable and reliable phone.  Contrary to other reviews, I have dropped my phone several times and it keeps on ticking!  My wife has the pink RAZR and I have the black RAZR and both of us are extremely pleased.  This is by far the best phone on the market.  It separates itself from all the other plastic and cheap phones.
Have tried lots of phones and the RAZR is the best I've had. Not only for the color, but also the slim profile allows me to put it in my back pocket and never miss a call like I did when my old Bulky phone was in my purse. Sound quality is better than my last Nokia 6600, on both the receiving and talking end. People say they can hear me better now. Highly recommend for function and style. No downsides to this phone that I can see yet, as of 2 months of use.
Had the Motorola Razor and it got damaged so I decided to try this PEBL. With the Razor you can use a Bluetooth ear piece and just push one button and say only the name of who you are calling. This feature I use all the time due to my hands being dirty at work. With this stupid PEBL you have to say all this junk like name dial or digit dial then finally the person’s name. All these extra voice commands are not cool. The PEBL does not ever recognize what you are saying through your compatible earpiece and if it does then you are too irritated to talk to anyone. Then I dropped this phone only one time from out of a faulty case on my waist! It sure dents and scratches easy! I will not be using Motorolas anymore, I think they are bad for me.
I bought the L7 SLVR last month from Amazon and it came in as advertise.  This phone is not bad.  Looks real smooth in black, easy to use and its sound is really clear.  The battery life is not bad as well.  I haven't charged it in 3 days with moderate usage and it still has one bar up.  One thing I would suggest is buying a case for it because it's easy to smudge fingerprints on the screen.  So far the phone is fine.  If you're looking for a basic phone with so-so bells and whistles, this would not be a bad choice.
I ordered Nokia 5800 from Bigtime Wireless and it came fast all the way to Nepal and the phone works great. The Nokia 5800 has great features and I highly recommend the phone and the seller. I am buying another one soon from Bigtime Wireless.
Okay. The actual phone is awesome. I love all the features, it's small, it's pretty. The phone is good. The service sucks. When I bought the phone, it said service is available in my area. Not so. I have walked all over this town and cannot send or receive calls and texts ANYWHERE. I have been wrestling for customer service for days now. Unless you live in a huge city with a lot of cell phone towers, do not get this phone. It won't work for you.
We purchased A Motorola V3 GSM Razor phone for a trip to Turkey and Greece. The phone did not work in Turkey but it did in Greece, so I believe it was the service and not the phone. My complaint is the camera. After documenting our trip with the camera, we now find we unable to download the pictures without purchasing, at additional cost, software and USB cable from Motorola. Ridiculous!
I've had this phone for 2 years. I've dropped it several times and it still works. It's sturdy. The design is awesome. I like how small it is. They don't make small phones like this anymore. I wish they still made this phone. I would buy another. After a couple years, I find I need to replace the battery or I may upgrade to something else. Otherwise, this phone has been with me for a long time and still works!
I had low expectations about this phone, but when I opened it for the first time I knew it was tend to be mine. I could not want any other phone than this one. It has all the features I want and its very cool, modern and at a very good price.
I ordered the phone last week, and it came this morning. I was very happy for the fast delivery. However, when I opened the box, it looked really cheap to me. The phone was in an old package. Even the phone looked old, and there're scratches on it. Inside the package, there're only a phone, a battery, a back cover, a charger and an old Cingular manual. The phone looked like a refurbished one because the tiny screws on the back was loose. I had to use the screwdriver to fix them. It costs $145 plus tax last week, and it dropped down to $139 plus tax this week. So I already got $6 lost!
The Nokia 2610 is a great basic phone. If you need a phone that is easy to use, this is the one for you. Call quality and reception are great. The phone is straight forward and very user-friendly.
The phone is gorgeous, and the buttons are easy for typing on. The only downside of this device is the Windows software. It reminds me of Windows 1998 - limited error messages and a very buggy version of Internet Explorer.
After having had this phone in 18 months or so, my final impressions on the phone are: It's quick, good fast processor. Screen is very good, better than average outdoor in sun, and shows nice detail for pictures, videos and the such. Phone body is slippery. It's not a good phone to hold in your hand. Battery life is fair. I never felt comfortable leaving home all day without a charger handy. To me this is reason enough that I would not purchase this phone again. After nearly 18 months, battery is dead. It will not recharge. Only solution is to get the phone to service to replace the battery. It will cost me $200 as I have phone insurance. Lesson learned: don't ever get a phone which doesn't have a rechargeable battery, ever again.
I've not had the phone for over a week. The screen is fantastic. My monthly google calendar shows up on 1 screen, and it's easy to read all the events on it. I can actually use the phone in bright sunlight, something I haven't been able to do well with prior cell phones. There was a Samsung push update which appears to have helped the battery life, and I for that reason have raised the rating from 3 to 4 stars. The battery now lasts me all day, with casual uses. If you are a heavy user, this phone will not last you all day without a re-charge by 2 PM. The good news is that a 10-15 minutes recharge will give you a 30-40% or so battery boost and the phone can be >90% in about one hour. I still do not recommend the phone for heavy app users (gamers). You'll need to consider the Samsung note or the Droid phones as I can't see the S6 lasting past 2 PM for those individuals.
This product worked for 1 day and then I was using it while plugged in to a charger and it died. The battery was at 44% and dropped to 0% and said to plug it in to the charger even though it was plugged in. I tried charging the phone with various chargers throughout the rest of the day but when unplugged it would just turn off. It did work fine while plugged in. This is a great phone but I will not buy a phone from this seller again.
I finally upgraded from the Galaxy S3, and I really love this phone. The screen is bigger and much sharper, the camera is amazing compared to the old one, and the size/shape are really slick. The new size took some getting used to, but I adapted quickly. I'll be getting a case asap, so I'm not sure how much of an issue that is at all. The processing speed is SO MUCH FASTER. It doesn't overheat, it doesn't freeze up, and I am having no issues whatsoever watching movies/TV, listening to music, or playing games. The resolution is very nice and I like the grouping option for the apps instead of having them scattered all over multiple pages. However, the SD is located in a tray that requires a special tool to open, and I didn't have one. I tried a paperclip and that didn't work either, then I used the post back of an earring and it finally popped open, but it required a nano sim , so I still had to go to the Verizon store for a new sim (no charge, but a pain to drive across town). Also, there is NO SD card slot. None. Just cloud access and the USB port to transfer files from the computer. I didn't expect that since the older Galaxys and the new 7 had SD slots. Kind of an annoyance and significantly reduces my overall storage space.
There are many things to like about the S6. The screen is bright and sharp. The camera is very high quality (for a smartphone). The version I got (delivered with Verizon service) has some apps I'd call "trash", but nothing terrible. I got 64GB memory, and after one+ year, that seems fine for me, allowing storage of lots of pictures, and a few videos; 32GB would be cramped. Wireless charging is a blessing (and maybe a curse; see below). On the negative side, there's the battery. Battery life leaves something to be desired. If you're a heavy user, just hope that a charge lasts through a log day. Also hope that your battery doesn't flat out die, as mine did after a year and a few months (after the warranty, but before the exchange period). Changing a battery requires a professional, which means you're likely to be without your phone for a little while.
Great phone for a great price. This phone was almost in a new like state when I bought it from Amazon. I love the Samsung Galaxy S6, I have had the S3 for years now and just upgraded and let me tell you it is like night and day. Great phone, quick at opening emails & such, the screen can be seen outside in the sun light. This phone is like taking a small computer around with you all the time. I do wish the sound was louder, even with the ring tone set at high level I still don't hear it all the time unless I am close by. I would for sure buy this product again!!!
My S4 was my favorite phone of all time. When my contract was up, the S6 just came out, so how could I pass on what could only be 2x better than my S4. I was pretty disappointed. Sure, it has more fancy gadgets, and it is quicker. But it also comes with so much less, the number one issue being battery life. I have never made it through a full day on one charge. And I am not talking about watching Youtube all day, it could be just sitting on my desk, and if I haven't plugged it in, it will be dead by 7:00. As much as we depend on our phones these days, this is really unacceptable. Hopefully the S8 will be 4x better than my S4.
I love this phone. It's fast and does everything. The only thing is I had to send my first phone back when bought from Verizon because the battery was awful and it froze and crashed often. Verizon was helpful though and replaced it and I had no problems with the new one. Then I dropped it cracked the front screen and didn't have insurance so I bought a used one on amazon because it’s cheaper and it seems to be working just fine.
I've had a Galaxy S3 and S4 and was very happy with both of them. The new S6 has a terrible battery and mine is glitchy for some reason. I attempted to get assistance from Verizon but they told me that's how the phone acts. Needless to say I'm very disappointed and it becomes very easy to buy an IPhone the next time around.
I upgraded from the Samsung Galaxy S4. These are the things I like better about the S6: brighter display. Two-part volume button makes it easier to adjust the volume. Being able to close apps by touching the icon to the left of the home button instead of having to hold down the home button. Using the flashlight on the quick settings panel rather than needing a separate app. Being able to scroll down the settings panel rather than having to choose from the different types of settings in advance. Even though the screen is slightly bigger the overall size of the phone feels smaller. I use an Otter Box Defender Series case, as I did with the S4, and it definitely is less bulky than before. I have an armband for the phone. I can put the entire case in the armband with the S6 whereas with the S4 I needed to remove the outer layer of the case. The included fast charger is definitely faster than the S4 charger.
I really liked my Samsung Galaxy S4 but the S6 is better without changing things unnecessarily. I recommend maxing out the memory at 128GB as you can't add more later. I hope the battery holds up since it can't be changed by the user. Voice recognition works much better on the S6 than the S4. The operating system seems much quicker and less buggy as well.
I had this phone for 1.5 months and there has been no issues with it. The phone is beautiful and it fits easily within the hand. It's fast and slick and I can play any current android game on it. I would recommend that you guys buy this phone directly from amazon despite the lower prices from other sellers as there has been reviews stating that the other sellers are selling used phones.
I bought my Galaxy S7 Edge and paid full price for it less than 7 months ago. Now the phone is presenting a hardware problem which was already acknowledged by Samsung that it is a factory problem, what means, they know it is their problem and that they are supposed to get it fixed or exchanged. However, because it is an "Unlocked International Version", no Samsung authorized service would even touch the phone. Not even if I am paying for the service. So, now I have a USD 800 paper weight worth nothing at all. I hope Samsung is reading this. I have been a Samsung Loyal customer since Galaxy S II and now I am dropping this "Loyalty" for a Windows Phone (yeah, Windows Phone. After wasting my money with a "Samsung Flagship", a windows Phone is all I could afford to buy). Thanks Samsung, you have made an (ex) customer really unhappy!
My boyfriend got this phone over the summer, and he actually likes it much better than his former iPhone. It comes with earbuds, a charging cable, and a very useful charging adaptor to accommodate different charging ports. I personally think it's too big, but I have small hands. Overall, a very reliable phone that works really well.
I bought the white version of the Samsung S7 edge and it is an amazing and gorgeous phone. It was really difficult to find it because it's not available for the US but it totally worth the trouble. I got the Italian edition of it and it works nice and smooth with my Mexican SIM card, it doesn't have any preloaded content which is great and the preinstalled apps are the same as the US version. The only issue might be that the power connector of the charger is European, but the seller solved it in a great way by including an American adapter. I love my new phone and the whole experience was excellent with this seller. I used to be an iPhone lover, but Samsung did a great jog with this one and I'm perfectly happy of having taken the risk. Totally recommended!
I purchased this S7 edge back in March. After two months, it started showing some screen color issues with annoying purple stripes all over the screen and the cellphone itself feels hot. I had to set the brightness to the maximum to temporarily "avoid" screen issues. And what's worse, the screen just died completely and I can't even turn off this phone since the screen is no longer functioning. Now I am trying to return this failed S7 edge and get my money back and never want to buy any Samsung product again.
I received this phone yesterday and instantly fell in love with it. I have owned several Galaxy phones (S3, S4, S4 Active, and S5). So far I love it! It came sealed in the original box. I cannot use the charger adapter that came with it, but I expected that as it's an international version. I picked the gold color, it looks and feels elegant and sleek. I love the interface, the phone itself is super fast. The phone has a big, beautifully bright screen. I am still getting used to its size. The fingerprint scanner is noticeably better than that of the GS5. Both cameras take amazing pictures. I am one of those people that are constantly on their phones during most of the day. It has an excellent battery life and charges very fast. I did read a couple reviews where people complained about the phone slipping out of their hands. I have used an Otterbox Symmetry Series case since I took it out of the box and have not had that problem at all. My only complaint about this phone is that it does not have an IR blaster, but I can live with that. I will update my review in the future if anything changes.
This is replacing my Galaxy S4 and lives up to the hype. No problems transferring phones with Consumer Cellular, I merely took the sim card from my S4 and put it into the S7 and I was ready to go, no hassle. Battery life seems to be much better than the S4 plus I like the fingerprint log in although sometimes it won't recognize it making it frustrating. I end up having to use the draw pattern. Overall a nice phone.
This phone saved me two hundred dollars. I was accidentally pushed into a creek and after taking the battery out and drying it for a day the phone booted right up. I don't recommend this but I had taken the charging cover, which seals the port from water, off because it was hard to remove. The screen shift, home and back buttons feel simply awesome and are a good tradeoff for the fingerprint reader. The battery life could be better. The screen could be superb instead of just good. But that's nitpicking. This phone is perfect for someone who wants a good, sim card accessible, removable battery phone. Someone who doesn't want to pay top dollar for the latest model. Very happy with this purchase.
This phone works very well. We are overall very pleased with it. I would have given it 5 stars but they stated it would be new and it is apparently not, there are a few bumps and scratches on the exterior and the back plate that keeps it waterproof doesn't snap in all the way so it really isn't waterproof. That was the biggest bummer. For the price though I am happy with my purchase.
I broke my Samsung s5. My hubby bought me this one. I love this phone, but Beware of purchasing used phones. This phone has a significant amount of issues for being sold as a perfectly working used phone. The camera is awful. The number pad will not allow you to enter codes correctly, like your voice mail sometimes. You will hear keys pressed several times during conversations, and it didn't happen on either end on accident. I am still using this phone in a limited way, Until I can upgrade to a new phone.
I love this phone, I bought it four months ago, after I was sick of having to delete so much of my stuff to save storage on my iPhone 5 that I was using. What can I say, at half the price of a phone I bought years ago, I am so pleased! The display and color are beautiful, the back camera and even the front camera are great, I love how much storage is already on it and that you can add as much as you want. With as much as I use my phone, the battery lasts from the time I wake up until I go to bed, and this phone is pretty darn durable too. I have a glass screen protector and a clear silicone case, and my phone hasn't gotten any scratches or dings on it in four months! The only complaint I have about this phone is that it overheats, but I take care of that using a cleaner app (which resolves the issue pretty well). This phone is definitely worth it!
I love this phone. I've been using it for several months now. I upgraded from a Galaxy SII and the difference is night and day. I didn't want a screen the size of the Note and I was interested in the water "resistant" design. The first week I had the phone I had it in my shirt pocket, bent over and it fell into a puddle and was completely submerged. Picked it up, rinsed it off and it's been fine ever since. The GPS is excellent, better than my Garmin, and the screen works great in direct sunlight. I'm not a heavy duty smart phone user so I didn't need the latest cutting edge in cellphones, I've been EXTREMELY happy with this phone. Also, with Wifi turned off I can get about two days without charging and only be down to about 30% battery life left. This phone is also extremely efficient with my mobile data as compared to my SII. So good in fact that I simply leave the mobile data turned on all the time. (Safer than using open Wifi anyway)
Purchased this used phone through VeritasCellular. Absolutely satisfied with the phone and the seller service. The description of the phone was spot on (excellent), with only a few minor scratches on the back, it looks like new, with no wear spots. I spent the day going through all the menus to make sure everything works. This phone replaced a IPhone 5S, I found it frustrating at times to operate, the Android menus are easier and faster to navigate. Since I travel in areas where internet service is nearly non-existent, speaking a text message or phone number while driving is sometimes necessary for me, but apparently Siri needs an internet connection to work. Love the Galaxy S5, and thank you Veritascellular.
I purchased my S5 Active from ECELLULAR for $215 the evening of September 11th. It was shipped the next day from Tennessee and I received it here in Texas yesterday, the 14th. There are a couple of dings on the corners and edges of the phone but nothing too major. The screen is perfect, absolutely no scratches. As far as I can tell the phone is preforming exactly as it should. I am happy with my purchase and now even my husband is considering getting one for himself.
The memory space on this phone is not expandable; of this, I was not aware. I am an avid pic taker and this apparently has filled up my photos. My husband has another galaxy phone he loves. His is expandable. My camera has never seemed as great as the claims. and my microphone is crackly if I am on speaker, therefore I cannot use it.
Love the Samsung Galaxy S5 Active phone. I live in the country and have a rugged lifestyle. The S5 Active has fit my needs easily. I do keep a protective case on it and I have dropped mine on occasion. I have yet to have it submerged in water (hopefully I never will) but if it lives up to its billing that should be no problem!
Upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy S3 and I like this phone much better - the larger screen is easier for an old guy like me to read, and the battery life is much improved over the S3. If I had known better though I would have purchased a regular S5 rather the S5 active. I thought the black corners were rubber or protective material, but they are just plastic - there doesn't appear to be any better protection than on the regular S5, and you lose several features with the S5 Active - no fingerprint reader, no USB 3 connector (which means the Active takes twice as long to charge as the standard S5), and the Active doesn't work with wireless charging systems. Overall a great phone though.
It was received in a timely manner, before another purchase from Amazon made a week previously actually. My only complaint is it will not send picture messages. That and how it was shipped only in an envelope wrapped in minimal bubble wrap. Good thing is that this phone is supposed to be durable. As far as the phone being water proof I've read many bad reviews. I for one hope to never find out! Also for the supposed durability I have yet to drop this phone on a concrete floor, or any other surface that hard. As I said YET! I sure hope if I do it will stand up to Samsungs claims!! Before I chose this phone I did hours of research there are many other great phones out there but nothing that combines the durability factor with all the bells and whistles as this one does so nicely. The battery life is also great! I'm on my phone non-stop and a get a full day from the battery. It sure beats having to charge my phone multiple times a day or carrying a charger with me everywhere I go! Now I just keep only the places I'm at the most, just in case I forget to charge it at night before I go to bed.
I bought this phone and I'm happy with it. This is the first cell phone I own. The only thing I didn't like is the small Samsung key pad. In the controls it can be made bigger. I bought a styles, now the phone is a dream to operate. Some people complained about water intrusion. The operating instructions tell you how to make sure that the battery cover is down properly, also that the charging port is closed. When you disconnect the charger the phone prompts you to close the cover. I got a strong protective cover to give the phone a good chance to survive a tough outdoor environment. Using this phone is extremely addicting.
I love this phone! I was debating between the regular S5 and the S5 Active, and I'm so glad I chose the Active. I've dropped my phone numerous times already and not even a dent or scratch on it.
I upgraded from an S3 and am very happy with my S5. I only have a couple of complaints, the first of which is the replacement of the menu/options button with a recent apps button. This was already easily accessible by holding the home button for about 1 second so I'm not sure why it needed its own dedicated button. My other complaint is the size. It no longer fits comfortably in my pocket or car drink holder but then again, I knew it was big when I ordered and got it for its supposed durability. Overall, it's a great phone with a bright, crisp display and fast processor.
I have only been using this phone for a few days so far, but I have tweaked all the settings and checked out all of the features. My previous phone was the Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket, so I skipped a few generations in between there. The S5 Active is definitely a huge improvement over the S2! My only disappointment with this phone, and it is very minor, is that I had thought the black bumpers around the edges were going to be more rubberized. They are not. They are hard, matte plastic. It makes me think that if it were to hit the ground hard enough, those black pieces would crack. I will probably end up buying a case of some sort, just for a little extra protection.
I just received this on Saturday so I haven't had a chance to get to most of it but this is the best phone I've ever owned. I'm a musician and the music player is superb and this is the first phone with a strong Bluetooth. I can't get it to disconnect to either my Active2 ear buds or my Sony DR-BT50 over the ear headphones. Every other phone I've owned, a Behold, Exhibit and two Galaxy SII's all disconnect if you get a body part in the way. I'm finally happy with BLUETOOTH. The phone's screen is beautiful and there aren't many HD Glass protector's yet that are affordable. I purchased a SUPCASE for it but it made it to large and heavy for me so I returned it and am waiting for an Exact Soft Gel skin to protect it as it is somewhat slippery to the touch. I've owned two different Galaxy SII's and this is blazing fast compared to those two. It seems a bit more user friendly also. I'll update this when I have more to say but for now, WOW.
I bought a refurbished version of this phone. Never again will I buy anything electronic that has been refurbished. It was great at first, but now, only 5 months of having it, had developed extremely annoying issues. Some of which are costing me time doing my job. At times, the Internet connection dies and the icon disappears from the status bar (even with a solid digital signal). It does not return on its own. I have to restart the phone each time. Average rate of occurrence is twice weekly. But now, in the last couple of days, the speaker will not play any sound at all. Volumes in all places are checked and found to be at max setting. A litmus test using an app that bypasses phone volume settings in favor of its own only has vibrate functioning then as well. So, restart required for that as well. I don't know its frequency yet. This thing isn't starting to become a remorseful purchase; it has already become that. Especially for the price it cost. Never ever again.
This phone is lite, fast, crystal clear screen and voice. Plusly it’s easy to use. I have vision and hearing loss. This phone is great for people like me when set up to Easy mode. Battery life is outstanding, add wireless charging, no cables to mess with, just pick it up and talk! YES! I am blown away to say the least! Lastly my iPhone friends have all fallen in Love with it. Added a clear case from Amazon real wow factor. Buy this phone!
This is an excellent phone with dual sim capability. This phone seems to be intended for middle eastern market. One disadvantage of this phone is that it does not support Samsung pay, which is only supported on the US models of S7. Other than that, everything is exactly the same. The US model does not offer dual sim capability. The phone came in a completely sealed box and the box had no signs that indicated that it was opened before being shipped out.
The S7 is a very good smartphone. It is exactly what I expected and works fine with my carrier in USA (T Mobile) and outside US too. However, the slot for the 2 Sim card is the same that carries the expandable memory. So you will not be able to use the memory at the same time with the 2 Sim cards. This is very disappointing!!! In the S5 with double Sim card, you're able to have both Sim cards and expanded memory working all together.
I've owned many different phones over the years. My first real smart phone was a Samsung S3 and was a great phone. I recently purchased this S7 Edge and can say it is the best phone I've ever had. I recommend getting the International version like mine. All the chatter about it on the Web is spot on. It is the fastest, smoothest, best of everything in a smart phone that money can buy today. My only complaint is that TouchWiz needs more work. I really want to use it but ended up back to Nova launcher to get basic features, like vertical app drawer scroll and such. TouchWiz needs more features control to truly be useful. However, this has nothing to do with how wonderful the S7 Edge International 935FD truly is!
I upgraded to this phone from a Galaxy Note III and it is loads better - faster; better screen; much better camera (LOVE the camera). The display is so clear and colorful, it is simply a joy to hold and behold. Any drawbacks? You do have to hold it carefully so you aren't pressing the wrap-around screen and confusing it with what you want to do. Worth it? You bet.
I purchased this phone to replace my malfunctioning HTC One M7. At first glance I have to say the screen is gorgeous. I have watched Youtube videos and other short clips and was amazed at the crisp color and motion. When taking photos, the pictures were nice. When I zoomed in on the phone I did start to notice some minor pixelation so I will most likely stick to my Sony DSLR if I really what to take distant shots. I have a few games that I play and the controls are seamless and react with un-noticeable delays. I have used the fingerprint login for my phone and other apps but I can’t get it to consistently work. Calls are clear and I like the volume boost option although it is disabled for my Bluetooth headphones. The battery life is fair with the phone running for a full day with Wifi, Bluetooth, location and mobile data each being on. There is also a battery save mode that will cause the phone to become grayscale and limit which apps can be open while preserving messaging and calling. That is a huge battery boost. Overall, I am highly impressed with this product and I am hopeful that it will last for many years to come.
Everything you've read about this phone is true. It is amazing. The screen is second only to the S7 (in terms of ppi), the camera is arguably the best on the market, and it is a monster in battery life and performance. Silver Titanium is undoubtedly the best color. Absolutely stunning. If Samsung found a way to implement stereo audio, it would be perfect, but it makes up for what it lacks in sound quality in its relative loudness and top of the line headphone output. Rest assured that you are buying the best phone on the market right now.
This is the best cell phone I have. The size is almost the same as Samsung S5, except the format edge give us a very pleasant touch and view! The camera is exceptional, have auto focus and it is impossible to have bad pictures. The only problem is that it is so sensitive that a single harder touch can become multiple pictures. This is definitely the best Samsung S series phone, and if the money is not the problem, forget the S7 and go to the S7 Edge!!!
The phone itself works nice, very smooth and lots of storage. I've already dropped it several times and it has not cracked. It's very durable. The biggest drawback is definitely the camera. It's absolute garbage. If you're not looking to take high quality photos, then this is a really great phone overall. But if you’re looking to take really nice pictures, I'd keep looking for something else.
I upgraded to the LG Stylo 2 from my old Galaxy S3 and I have been very happy with the LG. I spent time comparing it to the other available Virgin phones, and the Samsung J7 is closest in specs, but significantly more expensive. For me the large screen was the biggest selling point and that coupled with the lower price sold me on the Stylo 2. This phone is very responsive, quick, and an all-round good performer. Battery life is superb, I can keep that big screen on for hours and still have 60-70% charge (your mileage may vary depending on brightness and what you have running). And the phone has sufficient on-board memory to hold plenty of apps, photos, and music (and you can add an SD for more space: 2GB operating RAM, 16 GB storage space out of the box).
Loving my Stylo 2 phone with Virgin Mobile. It is everything I was expecting and more. Wonderfully large format screen, good resolution, great camera and plenty of storage (an issue with my previous phone). The phone is quick, responsive and the audio quality is first rate. The incredibly slim design really necessitates a good case with some grip or you could easily loose hold of it. I got a lovely fold over case that is doing the job beautifully. I couldn't be happier with this phone. Excellent, and I mean excellent value for the cost!
Stylo 2 is great. Nice big screen. Battery could be better and camera is OK needs more settings. Wifi works good. Talk is good and clear. Wireless charging would be nice. Over all a great phone for the price. If you are looking for a fast processor phone, this is not for you. You need to pay the higher price for a better phone but if you do a few apps and few games you will be OK.
Good upgrade from the first Stylo. It has some features that the Stylo 1 did not. This includes more internal memory. I would say if you have the Stylo 1, the Stylo 2 may take time to grow on you as some features are different but after a week or so wasn't a game changer. Either phone is great but the Stylo 2 has doubled the internal memory than the Stylo 1. I would recommend either phone and Virgin Mobile.
Stylo 2 is a great phone. It is very fast with plenty of storage for apps. SD card slot is good for storing music, videos, and pictures. I thought the camera was fine for a phone. The screen looks great for a 5.7 inch. Sound was loud and OK. Stylus is a plus and works well. Only one thing I see maybe a problem is screen may break very easy on even small drops. I got a heavy duty case to protect it. I did play a few games on it with no problems. Battery life has been very good but just like any other phone, things like GPS and certain apps running in background can eat battery up. Phone also has an easy mode that is good for people that don't like a lot of confusion and tend to get frustrated with technology.
Stylo is great. I love the size and clarity of the screen. Takes great HD pics. Would definitely recommend for the price and shipping was fast. Battery lasts me all day and I am always on phone. Phone storage is a small amount but get the 32gb SD card and you will be fine.
I like this phone because it is neat and has good features. I left it by accident in my car and the heat caused the screen to go white. Fortunately, I removed the battery and cooled down the phone. When I put it back together, it worked perfectly. I also dropped it once and it was surprisingly sturdy although I plan never to let that happen again. I plan to have this phone for a while! I would recommend it.
This phone is very slim, cute and easy to use. It is a flip phone and can be opened easily with one hand. Setting up this phone was a piece of cake. It came with an adaptor plug which can fit any A/C plug. The only negative is that it didn't come with a driver CD and a data cable. A big plus was that it was unlocked and was able to accept any SIM card. GREAT PHONE.
The Galaxy Note 4 is an awesome, capable, gorgeous phone. It can do so much. From business to gaming, it covers at all. The screen is gorgeous. The CPU rocks and is fast. You can add storage space (unlike the Note5) I got mine for a killer price and I love it!
I recently got this phone and have been using it for a week and it works pretty well. It came in really clean and I only saw one tiny scratch but it wasn't really noticeable at all. I love my new phone and plus, I got it for a cheap price while it looked brand new! However, the screen was kind of weird appearing because it had a little faded label inside of it? But that wasn't really noticeable. Overall, I think this phone has all 5 stars of functionality, appearance, and shipment too! I really recommend this to the other customers and they won't regret on buying it!
This phone is a great phone. I really love the camera and the stylus. I have not had many problems. The only problem I had was with the battery, it would not hold a charge, but the seller sent me a new battery and it works great! I have taken many photos and they all turned out great. The front facing camera has a built in face tuning software so it helps with hiding blemishes and does it automatically, but you can turn it off if you do not want it. I love how fast the phone is and it’s great for playing games, watching movies and everything. The 2K screen is amazing; movies, TV shows, YouTube and Netflix all look great on the screen. The screen is very responsive and fast moving, I actually enjoy the Touchwiz UI (User Interface). I do not have any complaints about this phone, I really love it and enjoy using it. I highly recommend this phone for anyone who is thinking about getting one.
I've been very pleased with this phone so far, the camera is great, the screen is very clear and east to read. If you like big phones, this is the phone for you. I've had a few times where the screen would just go black, but it's just the app closing down, so I'm not sure about that. The phone had little to no scratches, in great condition. I'm glad I got it! And such a good price, too.
I've been using this phone for three weeks now. It's a bit large but the screen size is very easy on my eyes. Operations are very quick and I appreciate having the 3 GB of memory. Haven't used the stylus yet, but I have used one on the Note 10.1, so I believe it will work the same. This is a refurbished phone and despite some scratches on the back surface, it looks good. I have housed it in a decent case to protect it, which added some weight, but overall I am very pleased with this phone.
The Galaxy Note 4 is my current phone. I switched from the Galaxy S5 which by the way is my favorite phone I have ever owned. The Note 4 is a great phone, but compared to the S5 it falls short in many ways. The first being durability. I was comfortable carrying my S5 around without a case, I am an outdoors man and I had no worries of dropping the phone on the ground or in a river. The Note 4 is less durable and I find myself uncomfortable carrying it without a case on it. If you are in the market for a multitasking, S pen writing, large screen phone then the Note 4 is the choice for you! If you are looking for a more durable phone with a smaller screen then I say take a look at the S5.
I upgraded to the Note 4 three weeks ago from Galaxy S5, and I love this phone! I was a little concerned about the size, but now that I have had it for a while, it does not seem that big! The screen is beautiful and it is super fast! I have used the S pen a little, but not that into it yet. I am still learning all the bells and whistles, but from what I have learned so far I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that the it is better than the IPhone 6 Plus! Great phone! Great specs! Great camera! And excellent battery life! I highly recommend it!
Note 4 is a great phone! The speed of the processor is amazing. I have used IPhones and they do not even come close to this device. Android's OS paired with this device has made my life so much easier. The large screen size is great for my over 50 eyes! Do not get an IPhone, get a Samsung Note 4!
I love my Galaxy Note 4. I came from a LG G3 and it is by far the better phone. The battery life is really good for as large of a screen as it has and even when I use my mobile Hotspot function, it doesn't drain as rapidly as other phone had in the past.
I've had my IPhone 6+ since launch and it's served me very well. It fits my hand perfectly and trying to use a smaller phone now makes me feel like a giant. It's very fast and the 128 GB has lots of storage. The only problem is recently the touch screen hasn't been registering touch at times. The phone is almost two years old and I'm not exactly gentle with it, so I don't really blame the phone. Still a great phone.
I have been using this phone for almost 2 years now. Although the actual size of the phone can be intimidating, I absolutely cannot live without it. The larger screen makes it almost like having a mini iPad and phone all in one. I actually use it like a personal computer most days. Surfing the net, using apps, watching videos and face time are all so much easier with the larger screen. Everything runs smoothly as long as you keep up with the software updates and don't use up all the storage. Battery life is great, be sure to use the factory Apple charger, as other ones don't seem to charge as fast. Keeping a screen protector and case is also a must, as the screen can be cracked. Overall I would recommend this phone over all other IPhones and definitely over Android devices. The ease of use cannot be beat!
It's not worth its price. The Motorola Google Nexus 6 is better and a lot faster and it's a bit less expensive than this crappy phone. The point is that this phone even does not have a Full HD Screen and it only has 1 GB RAM and 1.4 GHZ Processor and only 401 pixels per inch. The Nexus 6 is a lot faster than this phone and better as a daily driver.
The IPhone 6 Plus is a huge phone! It can be bully to carry, or even just using it in your hand. But there are many features to out weight this. Coming from the IPhone 5s I still see a major increase in CPU and graphics power. Another amazing feature about this phone is the camera. Although it is only 8 megapixels, it still can take better pictures than most of its Android competitors. The battery life on this phone is amazing. I can go all day on heavy use with lots of apps, web, and texting and still end the day with 40% battery. Doing that on my IPhone 5s was impossible. I would usually have to charge in the early afternoon on days like that. Since buying this I don't feel that I need to use my iPad as much. There are some apps that don't work on the phone so I have to use the iPad but probably at least 75% of my web browsing and amazon shopping is done on this device.
I didn't think I would like this IPhone; I was perfectly fine with my IPhone 4s. But I needed a new phone because it's been 5 years so I went and saw this phone and played with it. I thought it was too big before but the IPhone 6 is a perfect size. I love the bigger screen and the gold color. Beautiful phone. I just wish they would drop the 16GB and start with 32GB instead, don't really wanna pay an extra 100$ for 64GB and it's too much for me. Other than that I would recommend this phone.
This is the best phone on the market. From start to finish, this phone rocks all day long. The battery life is great, even with very heavy use. The camera is unmatched. It may only be 8MP, but the software makes a huge difference. You've seen all the reviews on the device, so what I really want to say is that it's really not too big for daily use. When not compared side by side to another IPhone, people constantly believe it's the smaller version.
I am very happy with this phone! I wasn't sure about getting an IPhone because I wasn't very happy with the IPhone 5, especially when they decided to change all the chargers and adapters for it, but I went with my gut and couldn't be happier! The screen is big and I love that and it's very fast. The pictures are super clear and there isn't a delay when taking the pictures. It is loud enough to listen to music throughout the house and not have to have it on a dock as well. Very happy with this phone.
It's ridiculous how big this phone is. It is bigger than the Note 4. It slips easily from your hands because of its body. It is also riddled with issues. My family bought this and had to return it the next day because it was having software issues and it was lagging. It's a fashion phone. If you actually want to do more with your phone and be productive, I highly suggest it's competitor, the Note 4.
Love my IPhone 6plus. It is a little hard to hold the phone in the right angel to hear from the earpiece at first. I found myself using my Bluetooth more often now than I ever have. Other than that this phone is just so beautiful. Picture quality is great. Watching a movie or browsing on the web, photos and video are excellent. No issue with texting with small hands. My daughter has been using my iPad 2 for a while and I have no need to use it now with this big screen phone. It has a very fast processor, no regret at all. Absolutely love it.
I currently have this phone and it works great, it's fast and the finger print works great. I have dropped it so many times and nothing has happened. I spilled some water on it and to this day, it still works. It's just a great phone.
I can't believe this IPhone outperformed the Samsung Galaxy S7 that it is much faster and even the camera quality is much clearer and sharper than the Samsung Galaxy S7. Even the durability is so much better than the Samsung, not a crack or scratch. The screen is so much bigger and sharper than the Samsung, the Samsung S7 is a crappy Windows phone and the IPhone has more apps. Even it is thinner and lighter. Even the speaker has more bass and much louder than the Samsung S7!
I've used the Galaxy phones for years - always hearing the bad things people said about IPhones. Well, since finally trying out the IPhone this year, I have to say I'm a convert. I love this phone! It works with all the apps I use for work. Screen is crisp, clear. It's quick. Photos and video is perfect. I will now never buy any other phone than an IPhone.
I really love this IPhone SE. It sure is the same size as the IPhone 5s but it has same features as the IPhone 6 and same speed. I bought one and it's amazing. It's for an affordable price and is pretty fast.
The phone is great, it is very fast and has a lot of storage. It has a perfect shape and nice looking edges and curves. The phone also has an innovative fingerprint scanner which is great for quick unlocking. It also has a great operating system and home screen has great virus protection and will not get any malware. It has a nice speaker and camera takes great pictures. The phone just looks amazing and it is better than any other phone that I've seen and or used. It also has a bright flashlight, the battery lasts very long and the battery usually won't need replacement.
I tried this phone out today and I think it is a great phone. It's fast like my IPhone 6s but smaller, I liked the IPhone 5s size. I had the IPhone 5s and loved it but then updated to the IPhone 6a. The SE looks just like the IPhone 5s but with more speed. The camera is like my IPhone 6s. So if you want to go back to having a phone that fits in your pocket, this is the one!
I was curious about purchasing this product because of the negative reviews about the camera. But I decided to get it for my girlfriend, she wanted a Galaxy S5 at first but the moment she got the M8 she said it's the best phone ever. This phone attracts attention were ever she. Goes I love this phone, it's so fast and smooth. We wouldn't mind getting another.
I love my Note 3, it's bigger than my S3 but it's not as big as the mega phone but it's just right for me, I haven't learned everything about the phone but I do love the pen that comes with the phone, it does a lot. The camera is nice and much clearer.
I've had several phones throughout my life and the Note 3 is the best phone I've had. Easy to use as oppose to some smart phones that are too complicated or a bunch of unusable features. It takes great pictures, the keyboard is easy to use, and I love the pre-installed apps by Samsung. Great phone!
I love this phone. It has a great camera. I would recommend it to anyone. I'm still learning what I can do with this phone. I like the S-pen for taking quick notes.
The best phone I ever had, I love it. I don't use my iPad as much anymore. I would recommend this phone to all my friends.
I'm so impressed with this phone. It is easy to learn and it does so much more than what I expected. I would recommend this to anyone. This is my first smart phone and before I was doubtful that I could learn it. I looked at many phones and this one was the one for me. I love the screen, the design, and easy handling. Thank you.
The Note 3 is a lot bigger than my HTC EVO but somehow it's lighter. It's very fast and has so many features that an IPhone5 can't touch. I love the camera features and it takes great pictures. This is the best smart phone on the market.
For the most part, it's everything the other people said. It's a great phone, sound quality is good and I love the large screen. My only issue is the screen is actually too sensitive. This is actually because of air motion feature. Even without touching the screen, the phone still 'auto pushes' numbers while on the call. I have to be sure to turn the keyboard off while on the call.
The Note 3 looks big when it is put together with other phones, but it is fine when I hold it in my hand. After a while, I can even use one hand to operate it. It is so convenience to punch the keypad and write on it. The resolution is so high and images are so colorful. There are still so many functions that I need to explore. Due to the big screen, I paid more to buy a explosion proof screen protector but it is worth. Fantastic phone!
I was use to the Galaxy S series phones and after a while they got slow and laggy for no reason. The battery life on older those S series phones got worse over time. This phone on the other hand is still going strong, it chargers really fast, and sometimes I can go through the day without charger it until night time.
I had the Samsung Galaxy S3. It worked how I expected it to. Then one of my friends at work purchased the Note 3. I played with a few of the new features and told myself get it. I haven't regretted it. It's not as big as most people think. It's just a lot bigger than most phones, but fits in my pockets with no problem.
I really love this phone. The screen is fantastic, the design is slick, it's fast, it's responsive, and stock Android 5-6 runs like a dream. The camera is superb both photo quality and video quality wise. Battery life is pretty good, lasts about 8 hours with active use and about 2 days with moderate use, and it charges really fast. Only real drawback is that it has no SD-card slot, but that's ok. 32GB is, so far, mostly enough for me. You can connect a USB flash stick to the OTG port if you must have more storage on the go, maybe you'd want to get the 64GB model. Honestly I would say this is better than an IPhone 6 in most respects. The big screen kind of makes it hard (or rather impossible) to handle it with one hand, in most cases, and it makes me a bit paranoid of dropping it when i pull it out of my pocket. But on the other hand I love the extra screen real-estate, makes my sausage fingers feel right at home.
I initially loved this phone. The software and operating system are great and it is fast. However, the phone is very slippery and because it is so large, it slips easily. This is a huge problem because the screen shatters easily. I have owned many phones and have been very rough with them, yet never have I had a screen break. I purchased a cover and protective glass and yet with a minor drop the glass shattered.
I upgraded to this phone after having a Galaxy S5 for about two years. The S5 was a great phone, but I got frustrated with some stutters and slowdowns that would occur randomly. I purchased the Nexus 6 since it has stock Android and does not have any overlays that would slow it down. After having the phone for about 3 months, I can say that I am very impressed. The phone consistently performs well, the battery life lasts me over a day with moderate use, and the fast charging has come in handy more than once when I am low on battery. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a phone at a reasonable price point with great, even performance.
Bought this during black Friday to replace my aging S4. Everything about it is better than the S4 except video recording. The Nexus 6 has a horrible video camera. It cannot focus on moving objects. I like to take videos for Instagram and this phone is absolute trash when it comes to videos. It constantly tries to focus and this leads to blurry videos. Besides the video problem, the phone is great. The phone has longer battery life than the S4 and also much faster.
I was a bit worried that the phone would be too big. Honestly, it is a bit bigger than most phones but I can tell you that within 5 minutes I got use to the size and I absolutely love my phone. The screen is big enough for everything and the speakers are awesome. I am happy I made the decision to get this instead of the Nexus 5. I don't think I need a phone smaller than the Nexus 6 right now.
The Nexus 6 is an amazing phone. Completely customizable in almost every possible way. Being unlocked, you're not stuck in a contract with any of the big carriers. I originally used straight talk but switched to Google Fi, which is pretty amazing! The phone has a great forward facing camera and a reasonable self shot camera as well. The screen is large enough to watch videos with friends. The only downfall of the phone is that it is almost too big. While the size is great for some things, it is a hindrance to carry around and near impossible to use one handed. I knew it would be big before I bought it, but I didn't realize exactly how big! I suggest playing with one before purchasing, but I still recommend this phone, I thoroughly enjoy mine.
Honestly, I love the phone but sometimes the speaker volume is very low even when it's turned up. It happens even when I am in a very quiet place. Also my battery does not last for 24 hours, it last for about 6-8 hours. Otherwise, it charges super fast, takes great pictures and overall is very fast.
After 2 amazing years with my Nexus 5, it was utterly destroyed. Lucky for me, Amazon had a great price on the Nexus 6. It's been amazing. The screen is huge. Honestly, I like the size, web pages are a pleasure to view, and use. I loved the battery life on my previous Nexus, but this phone is amazing. The screen is bright. The phone feels amazing in hand. I don't think you could ever go wrong with Nexus devices.
Nexus 6 is an awesome phone! My previous phone was a HTC One, which was rated the best phone in the world by Techradar when I bought it in 2013. So when I dropped the HTC and the screen cracked, I was looking for upgrade. At $299 (from Amazon), the Nexus 6 seemed to be a huge downgrade. But not after a few months of using it, I love this phone. It does everything that a high-end Android smartphone is supposed to do. What this phone does better than almost everyone else is: this guy has a huge screen. A few months with this phone and I realized, I have reduced my tablet usage a lot. I read all news on the phone, watch Youtube on the phone and so on. And it is not one bit uncomfortable on my hand. I think this phone is a bargain.
I got this phone for my mom and it's really awesome. The display quality is great. The screen size is BIG. The battery life is very good. No bloatware--just Android in its pure form. HD Audio Calling on T-Mobile works like a charm. Front facing camera quality could be better but at this price point it's very acceptable. Rear facing images are good but not great when compared to leading flagships phones. Most people will be very satisfied with the image quality. I give it an 7.5/10 compared to an IPhone 6S.
Nexus 6 is an amazing phone for $250. I wanted to get the Nexus 6P but to be honest the Nexus 6 still does an amazing job. Compare to the price of the Nexus 6P, this is a better deal. Fast charging, wireless charging, great speed, amazing display, latest OS marshmallow 6.0.1 and an ok camera, you can't go wrong with this phone. I guess the biggest con is the cameras, rear is ok but the front is just awful.
This phone is excellent. I love the speakers on the front, and the large screen is great. I went from an HTC One M7 to this phone, and I was worried about it being too big. It isn't. It fits nicely in the hand, and I can slip it into my jeans without issue. It is fast and capable, and the camera is nice. I also haven't yet received the Android 6.0 update for some reason, but I'm really picking nits here. This is a great phone at a great price, and I highly recommend it.
The Nexus 6 is a great phone, but is not for everyone. Firstly, it is huge. This is a reason I wanted it, but can be very unwieldy for most. Secondly, it runs stock Android 6.0 Marshmallow. I enjoy the clean, simple design which Google has created. Many would rather have the feature rich skins which non-Nexus devices ship with. Other than these possible set backs, the Nexus 6 is a great flagship device. It contains all of the top specs expected on a new phone. The build quality was quite premium and the AMOLED screen is a joy to use. Since the price has been dropping recently, this is an exceptional buy. If you enjoy stock Android and ridiculous screen size, this is the phone for you.